Response To Response To DOXing
4 days ago
theshadowbrokers59 in shadowbrokers
LOL DrWolfff. Who is the fuck is you? Yes theshadowbrokers definitely not talking about you ass-clown, because theshadowbrokers not talking about anyone specifically. How many former EquationGroup you thinking having PHDs, working at security company? Maybe theshadowbrokers is getting lucky. Is general trolling dumb-asses. Looking how much attention @MalwareMediaWhoreJake getting us wrapping himself into fag-bait pretzel playing victim for reporters? Poor Jake is being naive if thinking there is good guys and bad guys. Jake is being naive if thinking his hacking for US IC not result in collateral damage against innocent peoples somewheres at sometimes. But is being ok Jake you are being like small child sleeping well at night, you are good guys because you hacking for Merica and following rules, right? Presidential Executive Orders. What's is value of Presidential Executive Order these days? TheShadowBrokers is evil monster bad guys because realizing there is being no good or bad and no rules, only controllers and controlled. Some peoples is being angry with theshadowbrokers because TSB rejects this system the peoples let control them. Is like TheMatrix "can't free a soul that doesn't want to be freed" Speaking of parasitic pussies enjoying being controlled. DrDoofff, is being very interesting company you working for, DarkMatter. Where is TSB hearing name before? Is not DarkMatter private front for CIA/NSA tech, talent, and knowledge transfer to UAE government for make spying on UAE citizens and other countries citizens like Iran and Qatar?

https://theintercept.com/2015/07/07/baltimore-firm-supplying-united-arab-emirates-surveillance-software-won-special-export-license-state-department

https://theintercept.com/2016/10/24/darkmatter-united-arab-emirates-spies-for-hire/

DrWolff you being correct you not being cool enough for equation group, you just ball boy holding equation group testicles while Arab shrieks on your bukkake face. You go spend money on e-PrivateDipshit. TSB is sure he can finding TSB when team of FBI, NSA, and CIA not finding TSB for past year. Why taking 24 hours to, "DOX self"? LOL. Is because needing 24 hours to being finding right corporate asshole to lick for permission, wash Arab cum out of hair, buy new suit, and rent photographer for new Twitter profile pix? You going to get so paid and laid now, guy. LOL What fucking joke of society. Land of free, free to be empty confused desperate posers. Is what America rapes and pillages world for, so peoples is aspiring to be DrWolfffs? TSB not DOX Jake either. Jake DOX himself. TSB just set him up. Jake proud of what did and want make profit like all Equation Group members. Same time theshadowbrokers call out Jake, theshadowbrokers making wild accusation against French national Matt Suiche. Suiche could never be Equation Group, not US born citizen. Jake could be playing off using this for denial "Those crazy shadow brokers, I'm about as Equation Group as Matt Suiche" or similar but he did not, not single denial. Jake took DOX cock like Tijuana show girl takes donkey dick, chokes himself on it, then pulls it out, slaps self in face with it couple times, both cheeks, rinse and repeat daily. Jake loves himself some DOX cock, can't get enough. Dump are inbound, first week of July, reading comprehension.

shadowbrokers news politics cryptocurrency security
