Clear your browser cache (just for news.ycombinator.com)?
Smaller drones could deliver small payloads anti-personnel/incendiaries on eg. London or just as ransomware - a dozen expendable drones could occupy the airspace over Heathrow until some anoncoin was paid. Sky's the limit literally! Exciting times!
Richard says: 'Not quite true, I was watching the RX strip chart during Triton occultation and the first to observe the thin atmosphere (Rate of sig atten)'
I hope they skip versions straight to 2.1.
You had better start shopping. It was not just a UK effort. I first heard about this technology in Australia ten years ago where it was being touted as reducing the Europe-Sydney route to something more bearable. They have done many successful early prototypes of this design and other scramjets - flying ones.
It is the People's expectation that it be perfect. Once they have determined that there is something badly wrong going on in the video destroying it is a violation of U.S. Code  1519 (destroying evidence with intent). They had better have backups.
I'm sure all the board members have sued and been sued many times. It's just work. I've worked with people, it was a fact of life, they prepared for it, they built war chests, CYA in contracts just ambiguous enough with arcane clauses, weird stuff, it was as important as the regular projects, sometimes the contract wasn't the objective.
No direct experience but I heard they are one of nastier of Indian body shops. Projects are full of the most appalling fail and 'just do it'. Line management are utterly clueless enforcers with bad attitudes. But then that does seem to be the go with these companies.
Which reminds me of another dead product I used to use to do exactly this: Yahoo Pipes.
By the by and apropos of nothing, 'Camel Corps' is what we used to call certain members of the British diplomatic service who had 'gone native' in the Middle East and Arabian peninsula generally but more specifically to those diplomats who had passed through the Middle East Centre for Arabic Studies school in the Leb (and 
Oxford). FO had many Arabists for a time, not so sure nowadays. There was of course a fairly impressive Imperial Camel Corps during WWI comprised of actual camels and mainly Anzacs.
Duplicated here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15028329
This article was presented before and here it is again.Some other people intent on giving Eugene a hard time recently: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-kasperskylab-analysis-...True, it must be hard to remain objective when this happens:
https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/01/kaspe...On the recent embassy ban a former CIA station chief said it will mostly affect the russian staff whom they all assumed to be spies anyway as they suspected that nobody would get a job there unless they had been vetted by GRU.May we assume they would think the same for KL employees?Maybe US intelligence is still butthurt over exposure of and then also loss of tools - Equation group et al? Can you imagine how much crapola is coming down the old shitpipe currently - hacked elections, shadowbrokers, HBO/mandiant...? The list of agenda items on the briefing meetings just gets longer and longer and the politicians just get crazier and crazier.Oh Lordy!
I don;t mean to sound rude but to my mind and I did mention, it was obvious from my comment that I wasn't saying he was weev or hitler or polpot in fact that was exactly the whole point - 'anybody can say anybody is anybody in post in a place such as this and it doesn't make it true' - do you still not get that? How? And if by 'we' you mean ycombinator and are speaking on behalf of the ycombinator then I would point out that the only truly unsubstantive (sic) comments are the ones you have given succour to which are the libelous allegations against Marcus Hutchins. I would expect ycombinator to be asking members to desist from defaming him.
He may be many things but weev is not stupid. He knows enough already. Security through obscurity never works. I fully expected him to move his shit to the company in Ukraine he works for now. Maybe having to move their base around will leave a trail. Ultimately we want actual hands on these douche bags.
I'm not sure what left or right has to do with racism but have an uptick for giving racists hell - but it was kind of implied by the 'Nazis' yo.
No I am not suggesting that. My subtle joke seems to have fooled you too unless you are... @dang (or maybe you really are @hitler)? The only reason for mentioning someone by name in this kind of forum would be a kind of 'I doxxed you/know where you live' pathetic threat - typical banned skid 'can u mak me a trojan/virus so I can hak mi skul cuz I am dumbasfuck'. What value do you place on the dox? He might have genuinely thought it was Marcus Hutchins but just because he says he is or I say you are @weev doesn't make it true.  In any legal system that is not evidence unless they can get the guy who posted it and subpoena him to come and swear preferably with some actual evidence rather than his word. It is hearsay! It is entirely inadmissible! None of it has anything to do with @malwaretech and the guy it meant to be has already themselves posted on twitter and supplied samples of kronos. Google Detectives!
Of course he isn't weev or hitler and that is so obvious - wait you did read the forum post didn't you? If not perhaps you should have done that before commenting but giving you the benefit of the doubt and just having some lack of comprehension - I was making the point that anyone can do that but it isn't evidence. There was no personal nastiness and but no 5 stars would definitely comment like that again thank you.
Giving Nazis hell is never a waste of time.
Then tough shit. They can say what they like but be it them or ISIS nobody but nobody should help them peddle their hate.
@ryanlol aka @weev aka @hitler aka @polpot shouldn't take someone with a -45 reputation's word for anything. favorite pastime of skids is false doxxing. do you have any actual evidence?
You don't prove that he isn't or need evidence to that effect. He doesn't prove the negative. A prosecutor and the only judge that counts should have to prove positive beyond reasonable doubt that he did something. Him - not somebody else, not a handle. With actual evidence. As for 'OSINT' aka 'google/twitter' I've seen a lot of chat logs and hearsay from rivals but not one shred of evidence. Certainly not enough even for an arrest warrant. I suspect somebody trying to make a name for themselves and see a lot of professional jealousy disappointingly. These and other forthright pronouncements are prejudicial to these sub-judicial proceedings. He has been tried already. Release @malwaretech.
Women are sick of being 'women in tech'. Being 'women speakers' at cons. They just want to be judged on their merits. Quotas are a check balance FOR quality not instead of. That you are finding and eliminating barriers to the best candidates in the hiring process because if you were doing it properly then there would be a balanced hire reflective of society at large. There should be no need for the quotas because as we all know there is no scientific evidence of any gender-based aptitude advantage. However it is evident from the numbers and in the wrongheaded attitudes of some people that there is some considerable adhesion to outdated, backward stereotypes. Yonatan Zunger also ex-Googler explains the diversity policy when he replied to the memo: https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/so-about-this-googlers-man...I concur with him 100% and find it extremely frustrating that these old prejudices persist among otherwise intelligent people.
We will have to get used to this - people hiding behind their AI's skirts saying 'Wasn't me - she did it'.
FEI Endurance horse run to 100 kms in over 15 hours. Ultra-marathons of 100 miles are won in just over 14hrs. In UAE, in Slovakia, in Wales. In all conditions, man beats horse over distance.
Technically this might be accurate? Someone could in theory naturally have a specific sequence in their DNA which could cause the same effect. Fuzzing is... oh never mind.
Is she having doubts brought on by the recent Google Manifesto perhaps:http://huyenchip.com/2017/08/09/sexism-in-silicon-valley.htm...posted earlier.
I wanna be fuzzed by you, just you and nobody else but you.
Before Travis got booted some Techcrunch article or other  was submitted here on an almost daily basis about him and other issues Uber were having, some days two! I thought to myself: 'Boy! Techcrunch really have it in for Uber and Travis' (mit einen kleine schadenfreude, me being no fan of either). Once he left though, the posts seemed to me to end rather abruptly even though there were still newsworthy shenanigans at Uber. Has anyone else noticed this? Why? Cui bono?
From what you've said it is obvious that there is some disadvantage to being a women. There is no such thing as the mythical better qualified man. ALL the people interviewed are qualified, they can ALL do the job. Progressive companies do not want the same old same old weird white male dominated culture. They want to attract people with different life experiences, different perspectives, they need diversity. Not a nice to have, need. If they want to attract the best engineer in the world ever and she looks into their office and sees a whole load of middle aged white men she will think 'Nope I don't fit in here'. She was more important for innovative, disruptive company than all those dudes she spied and we lost her because we couldn't manage our hiring process properly.  Ugh, what is so hard to understand here??? Diverse is better. There is no lowering of the bar, get over yourselves!
A huge problem in Australia as you probably know where we do get quite a few bush-fires is down to the huge build up in combustible materials. This'd be a fairly modern problem in that the indigenous peoples used to do a lot of the house-keeping by actually setting controlled fires and managing the bush in a sustainable way for themselves. Would that also have been the case for your own indigenous population? It's so bloody dry and the bush is like a tinderbox, lightning strikes certain times of year now cause incredible destruction where years ago they'd have burnt out a few hundred acres and been done with, creating sort of natural corridors and that. I can certainly attest to the speed at which fires move having watched them leaping gorges and seeing sparks dance like sprites across the highway in front and back of my car from a fire a half mile away, fair near shat my pants I can tell you. The fire itself creates its own great wind  - you can feel the heat in it.  It drives itself along as fast as a car. Far as I know, native animals run towards the fire rather than away from it, and many if not most do escape out the back.
He, and it is a 'he' has missed the point entirely. It is not that we do not recognize that people are different, it is that we value that diversity and therefore endeavor to remove from our community such impediments to achieving a balanced social group. It is a classic dominant social group position that the incomers fit in rather than the group dynamic have to change to accommodate. It is surprising to have a Google thought-leader with such low-brow views. If you think you are in an echo-chamber or bubble perhaps it is simply because nobody agrees with you.
Yes they did not know him before. He was only recently publicly identified as malwaretech having been doxxed by British media as a 'reward' for stopping the wannacry virus.Some journos bought him dinner in Vegas -  did they know something, were they really just there for BHDC?. He got all the way to airport and was moaning about the delay with his priority boarding but looking forward to getting back to a debugger.The dude in question they really want is called TouchMe/TouchMyMalware. There are some old chat logs but no hard evidence in them even on TouchMe. If something as ephemeral as an IRC nick is then well then I'm bruceschneieier. They joke about putting Brian Krebs in it and I do recall this was a meme for a while. There is some stuff on hacker forum but kids stuff.It is not illegal even in US/UK to write code.He researches malware, maybe hung out with the creators in IRC. Actual evidence suggests that he did not create or distribute either Kronos or Wannacry.Some people say he wrote and did a video for a RAT. So what - it is a RAT.It is interesting to note the reaction of various hackers. Spot the fed. Used to be a game at BHDC now it is spot the hacker. I think that an alternate con - maybe in Estonia - would be a good idea? There must be many who won't travel to US now or even before.Only last week some UK Police Squad were touting their hacker rehab for kids with some lulzsec dude. Recent UK legislation was brought in that means the government can force you to work for them. They want to make it easier for themselves to spy/hack and to lock up and/or press-gang everybody else. Do what we say not what we do.What OPSEC lessons are we learning kids? Privacy? Getting involved? Helping out?Whoever they also lifted has a SSN, any ideas?
Okay so correct me if I am wrong: the original root structure is still there just hidden with this Gobohide thing. (I do not like this - turn off immediately).You download tarballs into Programs and unpack and configure make install there, it 'just works'TM somehow, (I like this - sort of). I think 'Couldn't you create a script which creates a load of symlinks (for any distro), put it in a folder on your desktop?'Okay,.. help me here - what problem are we trying to solve again? I like the nice view of the applications we have, but just thinking quite often packages have their own symlinks for like lib.so.2-->lib.so.3 will this have symlinks to symlinks to... so now thinking is it really worth the effort for a nice view of the applications?  What else do I get?
Had it before but a different article and photo. Showed this to my daughter who is dino-crazy a few months ago - she went '>gasp< WOW!' genuine agape awe. Amazing. Isn't it fantastic that the operator was trained and cared enough to stop working? It would have been really cool though if prior to expetrification that the block was MRI'ed and a 3D model created from the MRI which could then be 3D printed in schools all over the world.
Via www.shapeshift.io Zeurich to monero, terms broken, authorities aware and in hot pursuit presumably.https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-03/wannacry-...
He never said anything about 'clear text' you did and yes that is usually how it is with this 'tell'. It might be some other weakness. Smells like homebrew security. Nice. They are doing it wrong and the wrong shows. That is definitely going in my initial survey.
th3j35t3r strikes again!
I was an Informix DBA years ago and the other day an old friend who now works with a company supporting game developers told me that Informix is (still) really popular principally due to the way it handles locks and multi-concurrency. Surprised to say the least.
I must be missing some nuance of the argument here. If it is nonsense then why is it in his paper? If you are citing poor quality sources then that tells us something about your paper and to not do so would be dishonest. We're not seriously saying that you should be trawling for similar ideas to your own and then citing them, just where you have used other work you must give credit.
You forgot the * I put in.
I feel this should say 'murdered'.
So how come we can have Youtube but not Soundcloud?
That's what she thinks.
Not being able to disable the voicemail service entirely is a sore annoyance to me.
I know you mean well but no charge should be introduced to mitigate against this stupidity. You are (probably correctly) assuming that the data in question is genuine. Nonetheless it is none of our business. rm -rf /* does not contain a warning message and that is the way it should be.
From a few years back but made me laugh a lot: https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat
Ultra-long distance dudes from Mexico the Tarahumara allegedly run like this. I also heard a story about some guy in Aussie who ran like that - won some crazy long distance race too, smashing the record. It is true that a man will beat a horse in a race if the man is allowed to pick the distance. How about that for evolution? The ultimate persistence hunter.
phil1edinburgh1 asks 'what does NKRbeta mean?' - not sure if he is being sarcastic or hasn't actually read the article :/
> Yes, but that doesn't mean they're necessarily excluding the Russia hypothesis. It could very well mean they're just extending and updating it. Or maybe they are scrapping it - us outsiders have no way of knowing.No we're keeping an open mind on that.Okay here's this Rep. Will Hurd, R-Texas (mentioned in the article) was doing the rooms at BHDC yesterday. General Hayden also.
Where is this divide? It is some concept I am unaware of?
>The NSA's "Q group" is just trying to determine if it was a breach or a leak, and to identify the source of the leak if there was one.What now twelve months after the first chatter?"Shadow Brokers investigation is focusing on former NSA insider"theshadowbrokers being an 'is' not an 'are' (as in cover).The investigation is now in a direction which goes BEYOND the original hypotheses that it may have been as result of a leak from Harold Martin's home.Cover for SVR? I don't think any serious analysis ever entertained that.>'Misleading'Duly noted.
Yes. 365 is cloud AD. My bad. Not familiar with it. Are there no endpoints?
Scenario #1: You have a small, team, busy people and have some process or workflow that would be greatly streamlined by a simple one-page app let's call it 'todo' which needs to integrate with email and provide single sign-on for ease of use. Your awesome dev Steph who dreams REST hand-pours with love your artisanal todo-365 app this weekend and everyone is using it next week and saving heaps of time because y'know there are only twenty of you... yet. FTW!Scenarios #2: Ugh okay, Alex is the devops, sysadmin, security officer, fire-warden and makes great bullet-coffee but even with twenty there are lot of domain groups to manage with your startup and lots of projects depending on them so Alex just needs a python script for his Ansible playbook and because powershell makes Alex want to throw up.
All they have done is made an announcement. Convolutedly, this is more about: the now lame-duck prime minister who asked the people for a stronger mandate to negotiate the best out of the Brexit disaster but went down like a bag of sick with the electorate thereby weakening the government's position even further to 'laughing-stock in Europe' status. Who then showed utter contempt and a complete lack of integrity by trying to delay the inevitable, cling to power and refusing to do the honorable thing and resign, in doing so creating even more uncertainty for a repulsive, back-stabbing cabinet member to jockey for position during the recess and a gutless party desperately sucking up to the Greens and their ilk for support in a minority government and trying to divert attention from the stories of historical incompetence emanating daily from the press.It also ironically falls in line with other EU states recent announcements. So old-, non-, fake- whatever you want to call it news.
Doesn't even have to be light. Gnome and/or KDE will run happily on any PC - they are monsters for goodness sakes! Totally OP for most distros. A lot of the early linux adoption compatibilty issues (winmodems stole too much of my youth) are gone now. Everything just works. Just wipe Windows.
Who was saying 'so what'? Certainly not me. I was amused by what was, apparently, an obvious joke.
Heavily implied? I thought OP had merely chosen an unfortunate example which coincidentally turned out to be one of the biggest money-launderers and then was minded to state that the individual had not yet been convicted of that offense unlike HSBC. I'm not sure how it is manipulative - to what end? But I take it that I rather ruined the joke.
Not sure why the above fact is being discredited or not deemed as a worthy contribution to the conversation?
LOL! HSBC: another convicted money launderer! (still are only alleged against this person).
It should really say 'will be allowed to'.
Someone pointed out to me the other day that just connecting to a poorly configured system is illegal in some places (Finland in his case). A form of trespass he said. This was a ship in international waters registered in Russia Federation so not sure whose law applies lol. Perhaps if there were more cases where full advantage was taken of such incompetence with spectacular newsworthy results then people would be more appreciative of the work we do and the laws changed to protect whistle-blowers and activists generally.
Ad hominem! Is that all you got? Were it anything other than utter twaddle it might be able to cite a more reputable peer than the comment section of the gutter of the internet. I lump this in with homeopathy and now also your opinion on anything.
Oh shit if its peer reviewed by reddit then hold the cola.
Keeping people confined for long periods affect metabolism?
The single point of failure is my own memory. I never commit passwords to anything else. Frequent user of password recovery for online sites. Will never use a password manager trojan for obvious reasons imho.
fwiw and to spell it out for the hard of understanding they were trolling the users by saying have 'no' but we wouldn't tell you even if we had >WINK< (we did) and then present a PGP signature with 'proof' that they had -  the sig is invalid btw and in any case could have been replayed. More recently I read that they allegedly waterholed a child abuse site in order to pwn one of the admins. So although none on Hansa they knew the admin was a disgusting piece of filth (or maybe by sheer luck?) Anyways - good work fellas.
Yes this exactly but also heard that there was a fight one day in Dreisberg? He said he saw John Wheeler with a usbstick. He went to the Dutch and that it all got a bit tense. Did GRU then accuse Mikhailovich with passing information to the CIA? Poor guy.Interesting about the Equinox DPI 'cache' too.http://nos.nl/artikel/2181605-deze-data-blokkendozen-zorgen-... (Dutch)Is there a bottleneck there similar to Cornwall? Spies huh!
Ok ;)
Dutch police claiming to have de-anonimized Tor:  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DFNMsZOXoAIBdZ2.jpg
The Dutch, Russians and US had some deal going on last year where their law-enforcement and even spooks were co-operating, tracking stuff end to end from russia to netherlands.  It all got messed up by some CIA with a usb stick apparently. Russians spotted it, didn't like. So hosted in russia is not going to save you, depending on who your friends are of course.
Seeing is believing they say but what did people do years ago when they only ever caught a glimpse from behind a large crowd of their future president talking out the back of a caboose on the literal whistle-stop tour? Some people say they saw Abe Lincoln once, some people were even right.
Quants will buy their moms.
Also chiming in. I like Jinja and handlebars and mustache and JSX makes me want to puke. I love Ractive but hate React. Recently back on django and have done a bit of django-ractive messing about so yes it is crazy. It'll never work. You get them mixed up in your head and it makes your brain hurt. But maybe this is a better. I give it a go.
I wrote many things just now. There is nothing to say. Life sucks. Deepest sympathy to all her knew or met or were inspired by her.
Was at Blackhat https://www.blackhat.com/us-17/briefings.html#broadpwn-by @nitayart
I never really though about it. Had to put with c-shells and k-shells and then bash. Anything in particular which made it better? What super-power or feature would you lose if you went back to bash from this z-shell you speak of.
Okay it is quite unlucky that you chose that particular segment. Becoming a vet is very expensive, the setups are very, very expensive and the margins are very tight. Most vets accumulate into vet practices and would be better off financially stacking shelves at Walmart so if I were looking for rich clients these aren't the clients you were looking for - you may well have lots of pictures of cats but maybe some other segment might be more open to you. Even a charity for cats might pay better than a vets. How about pivoting into pet boarding? Plenty of scope for fun there and quite lucrative?
We have been dreaming this dream a long time now and are no closer really. I'm sure you've all done this - one of the very first things I ever made was what was known way back then as an 'expert system'. It determined which particular disease you had by means of a series of interview questions from 'Robodoc'. I drew flowcharts and planned it all out with the limited set of diseases, symptoms and remedies available to me and was as you can imagine nothing more than an horrendous spaghetti of if-then-else (or maybe even switch-case statements) the fall through answer (when all diagnoses failed) being 'take two aspirin and go to bed'. Even then I thought 'bah not enough data - the bane of the computer scientist!' I think I was about eight at the time. Looking back now I think it was cute. Anything other than flu and rabies and you were in trouble. Is Robodoc closer to Watson than Watson is to HAL? People are conflating AI and machine learning. They think AI is already here. Personally I don't think any one team or project will ever solve AI as real intelligence is an emergent property.
'AI is the New Electricity' and people are moaning about Watson being over-hyped? Electricity was real and delivered immediate benefits. AI does not even exist yet! Imagine I could give you a true AI. yay! Unfortunately,it has the IQ of a 9 year old. Do you want to license that at great expense to make key business decisions for your company? All that Jeopardy and chess has become real double-edged now. People don't seem to get how thick-skulled pointy-haired bosses are. We are probably a century away from that. We can do some great inference from big data sets that will help invent cures for diseases and many things but it isn't a panacea. It isn't 'finicky' some applications will lend themselves more than others. I wouldn't worry too much about the IBM talent pool either. And yes okay disclosure ex-bluesuit.
See it wasn't that hard. Stupid company procedures made it hard-er and even then iff you know what you are doing it is still trivially easy. It is so easy even sysadmins can do it. Next next finish have a cookie back in your gimp cave now easy.
Hey Willie I'm feeling some negative customer feedback here.
It should not be legal and probably isn't really. It is a basic morality thing? Contracts should be fair. If you book a flight then it should be clear your booking is subject to availability. If it is subject to availability then to maintain the principle of contractual reciprocity you should be able to cancel without incurring a charge as you too are 'subject to availability'. Currently it is not fair. They should not be overbooking fixed seats and expect people to help them out for bribes no less to the implied 'desperate for money' college student or a backpacker. What a disgusting world view that encourages. As to those who were subjected to violence and forcibly ejected - they should be able to sue for eye-watering punitive damages in the tens of millions (money being something so dear).
Pay-walled science don't you just love it? Why do they bother - it isn't science until you publish IMHO. This is just showing their rich friends.
I obviously don't understand this at all. I thought it was distributed and that that was the whole point.
I love spoiling the plot of Dorian Gray for people. Never gets old.
Someone told me about this in 2009. I do not know if it is just a rumor. We were in a piano bar in the old town in Zuerich. I did not know them but they were serious people who lead interesting enough lives not to have to make up stories. Although now I see Daily Mail I am beginning to doubt. He said they are all huge, same in size but hard to work and that there was a 'mother' one which was enormous. His friend sang 'Simply the Best' for Putin. Is it true?
No it is the same. They cannot occupy the same space unless there are dedicated lanes. I guess even then it is single occupancy. A bicycle is a single space same as a car with only a driver. I wish I had the link now, sorry.
Can't somebody explain why I am dead wrong here? I have a gut feeling it doesn't stack up. But to answer your question: Free because cost is a barrier to the other free - free speech. And yes it is very affordable - especially to ISPs, should not be a problem at all for them to provide completely gratis universal access. This way people who cannot afford it - and there are currently people who cannot afford it - get access to the internet and therefore education, so they can get better jobs thereby alleviating poverty so in the end they can afford those sweet high bandwidth charges. The American Dream. (the nice one where you work hard and become successful - not the one where your dad leaves you billions and then when you lose it all you get the enemy to hack you rich and powerful again)
I have nothing to add only 'yes me too my how I have suffered', the countless crappy bluetooth devices I have connected and disconnected and hours and hours I have wasted trying to get them paired with various linux boxes, nearly all in short order choosing death rather than do my bidding. I am looking at one right now currently unconnected. 'Dummy device'. Why indeed.
But that isn't what is proposed, the ISPs can't regulate which services you get to just how fast they serve? If youtube wanted to paywall they could easily.
Yes.
So I would have no problem I don't think with a certain mandatory minimum amount of guaranteed bandwidth unlimited free (as in beer as well as bird) data being provided subsidized I suppose by people who want to stream 3DHD entertainment (say half/third the highest speed the ISP offers). A free and open internet guaranteed and the ability for ISPs to offer VIP services to paying customers/businesses. Everyone is happy or am I just a smug liberal looney left millenial whatever that other guy said... or merely mistaken somehow?
That may be but I thought it was an excellent analogy. I don't think he is really concerned with imparting information about how hearing aids actually work, it is just a device.
The US government obviously. I suppose as the biggest polluter by far you are bound to lose out most but how is that everyone else's problem? And what an argument - 'oh yeah I would have but I knew nobody else would so I just did even worse'. Plenty of other governments signed up for Kyoto in 1990 and pushed for higher levels. Anyways, what sort of economy were you planning to have without a habitable planet? The strategy, and potentially a highly lucrative one given US lead in required green tech, would have been less denying the uncomfortable truth, less pandering to big oil lobby and more educating the willfully ignorant and more investment in renewables and a bit of using your market influence to push the agenda. Hardly ever going to be likely though with GWB et al in charge although he did correctly say that there needed to be a technological solution. Trump omgwtf - they should call that thing the Bigly Berg in his dishonour.I have 100ha trees btw. Used to be veggie but as that means GM and worse soya i.e. bad and very, very bad, eat and fly fewer miles now.
https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2017/jul/10...
No sorry - I didn't mean to imply you had. I read a study on hackernews the other day. Unfortunately I cannot remember teh link as always. Single occupancy vehicles see, much better to have everyone in one clean bus instead - bikes are bad apparently.
70% of global carbon emissions are produced by just 100 companies, mostly fossil fuel producers.
Apparently bikes are really bad for the environment being slow, low occupancy road vehicles? I think if are taking upon yourself to advise people you should advocate greener forms of transport such as existing public transit links, walking.
sic 'How to make a friend quickly'.
Steal his lunch?
I am not a financial expert. Some people have maxed their plastic out on bitcoin. I think that someone somewhere sometime will be left with the bill if there is no actual resource behind the currency - it is just an IOU after all. The UK PM talks about terrorists having no place to hide their money today, it dives $200. Too much feels like an elaborate scam - a silkroad clone goes completely dark or exchanges 'getting hacked'. I know I know: if I'd kept my .bitcoin I'd be even richer now...
Although curiously the most tightly constrained place I've worked was a swiss bank (horrendous) even more than a UK government agency, my personal experience of working in such a plant is that there is a lot more diligence than your usual business workplace and that the office is very much separate from the station. You never need (and need is key) to copy files from without for instance, (no Windows behind the curtain). The budgets are much bigger and due to being very process heavy, deadlines are theoretical minima only, certainly management are not as you describe. Generally staff were very highly educated, very security conscious and in absolutely no hurry.I felt the comment was blaming in that they would serve as an example and that that would be okay as they were at fault somehow. We do not know the infrastructural constraints in terms of legacy software with regard to whether they can safely take patches and it is unrealistic to expect large organisations such as Maersk to be able to do so automatically in my view. Having some small inkling into the matter, I feel that people must be arguing from a point of ignorance to suggest otherwise. I have even seen these script kiddie fans cry 'patch your shit' as if it is okay to release malware to global scale companies and they are somehow absolved from blame. It certainly is not.
True but a wind farm taken over by hackers is still just a wind farm not a thermonuclear weapon.
Indubitably any facility of sufficient complexity or strategic value will draw more or less continuous unwanted attention from foreign state actors. 'Targeted by hackers' could include port scans and phishing attempts. What with the recent, perhaps only perceived, upsurge in activity it is hard to know whether this is complete bunk, nsa-script-kiddie open season or something even more sinister. It is sad that the agencies in question no longer enjoy the level of trust by the public they once had.
Unbelievable! This kind of victim-blaming has to stop. Maersk were infected because they downloaded software updates! Their software provider got pwned and malware was delivered past their firewall. How is it their fault? How do they deserve to burn? I suppose it would be the plant's fault if some stuxnet variant were to irradiate the eastern seaboard? You seem to have conveniently forgotten that it was the US government who created the means here. And what is Maersk's Total Cost Of Ownership(TM) looking like now? Perhaps the best strategy for them and all companies now is to trust only themselves and to only consider non-proprietary software in future. The idea that some aircraft carriers are running Microsoft is chilling enough. None of the SCADA for nuclear power plants will be on Windows thankfully.
https://eng.paxos.com/write-fast-apps-using-async-python-3.6...What do you think?
The best solution from trials in UK is to turn off the traffic lights altogether and allow pedestrians to wander freely.http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18072259
It is a security issue. If he were to lose his credentials then others could use his account to send genuine looking phishing e-mails. If you were defrauded and had checked the email address as genuinely being from that address you might be minded to sue them. He could be targeted explicitly for this purpose now. Furthermore, he admitted to having read mail not intended for him and took no action to address the issue indicating that he understood that his address coincided with a namespace commonly intended for provider usage. It is unfortunate that the usage of 'noreply' has become so commonplace as to render his account a security issue. Perhaps they should give him some more time but he cannot keep it.
Given certain details they were performing lookups on demand for a price. This does not suggest server ingress, it implies lack of bulk exfil. Access to a logged-in authenticated session. Nothing like Google/Royal Free Hospital heist.
One of these things is not like the other. You don't have to choose and there will be cases for both where one is the vastly superior choice. For example: I'd go with Flask for microservices but django for a CMS. I'm sure some people will argue the more apposite. The nodejs thing is so fragmented and difficult by comparison. Flask's routes are better. django's admin absolutely rocks (still). I guess these face-offs are fun but I don't find them very informative, relevant or meaningful. A weird hybrid though - now that would be cool. Or a SAP killer in django.
Nobody said anything about honey - just bees. The only fine we should be talking about is the fine for what these people have already done. There would obviously be and has been a massive deleterious effect from the loss of so many pollinators. Monsanto's shareholders and other like minded criminals should fined out of existence as a warning to others who would seek to destroy our world for profit. Show absolutely no mercy and go after even private holdings for good measure. Change the law if needs be and act retrospectively. The world must act in concert against the cynical and greedy polluters be they corporations, individuals or states.
'Suck so bad' is a holy understatement. The bees are going nowhere right? How about the idea that we allow the owners of these corporations such as Monsanto exist after their having continued to wage ecological terrorism on the world to fill their own already burgeoning pockets when the signs were so obvious? What use are they to society? There should be fines and there will be fines. Chapter 11 sized fines. Stop immediately and shove your poison up your collective arses.
https://www.ses.com/our-coverage/satellites/315So at that rate how fast is it spinning? Says it is fairly large satellite - car sized?
I read another article yesterday with Vector gushing about being able to launch two per week and just thought 'more space-junk' and that's just the delivery system. Some of these are launching multiple payloads - some no bigger than a briefcase. We need some sort of international treaty on corridors and such. Anything in the flight corridor gets the laser tractor beam.
"problems that ensue when files move..." from NTFS to FAT32 never mind "...from the PC on to the networked world of today".But as always with Microsoft: Beware geeks bearing gifts.
Russia
This is a truly excellent point given that Kaspersky Labs are called FSB asset. Maybe this was the attacker letting people off. Putin said that actions are by patriotic freelancers (hack elections etc). I did not think anPetya was officially sanctioned/orchestrated until Rosneft statement sounding like some lary Soviet-era propaganda. But who has windows media lying around these days? And who cares if it is only being tasked by Putin tacitly? This is what non-linear war looks like.btw frodobaggins not frodobegins
The reason they are having this discussion is for the purposes of attribution or blame. The point was whether notPetya had been recompiled from source i.e. it was Janus or his source was stolen/bought or they had a sample of the ransomware binary (too easy to get unfortunately) and had tweaked it using an editor. Malware also employs 'shellcode' - low level code which can be inserted into a return point in a running process to branch and open a shell (usually) and do something like creating a reverse shell to an attackers' machine or wiping your hard drive. In theory you could use a tested one like petya and change the payload to do something else. You are correct it is daunting - it is rockhard - you can't just hack away at the image and shellcode is often much more complex than plain old assembly as it needs to be obfuscated and tries to avoid using null bytes.
As software developers we implement change which often mean others lose their job. I've worked myself out of more jobs than I care to remember, automating ruthlessly, fixing even when it meant I was redundant as a result. To not do so would make me guilty about all those systems I wrote which made others redundant. That's really what I.T. was for years ago. Was a time I was like some horrible spectre. If you saw me that meant yo' ass. Once I interviewed some users about some task they were meant to be rekeying, they hadn't done it for months as the old requirement had gone. I followed it back to the person who was sending the first part, a nice little old lady and told her gleefully she didn't need to do that onerous first collection task anymore, whereupon she informed me that it was literally all she did. I just left.
wat? why? they have some sort of 'message will self-destruct javascript' in their page which is carried into the wayback machine?
MSDN really? I never use it. I always end up someplace else. The information is there somewhere, maybe. I don't use other vendors much to know but MSDN sucks for me majorly. Not a microsoft fan generally though so maybe too much pain this past 30 years for an objective view.
If you see the fake chkdsk reboot to media and overwrite/fix the master boot record. It encrypts the master file table on startup (before AV etc.), has sophisticated lateral movement capabilities using WMIC. Don't bother paying the ransom - the mailbox is dead you'll never get your files back that way.
Not just Maersk. Petya going global. Writes to boot sector.
Hell some people have as many as three jobs in the states! We got way more jobs than you!
Their statement is a lie. Google are trying to blur 'shopping ad' and 'search result'. The consumer is worse off because those items are not listed first on their search merit. The consumer is deceived. It is only useful to those who pay for the promotions and Google.
I don't think your argument that the company whose word has become so synonymous with internet search that you can look it up in the Oxford English dictionary is not a monopoly really holds much water. Pretty much everyone on the planet has been affected unless you won't be happy their dominance of this space is truly complete until the last hermit calls it day from his mountain view. You have chosen to eschew their services - I'll bet with some non-negligible degree of difficulty - but have forgotten that you are also affected passively by all the other people in the world googling - not for you now and not your services and so must be less prosperous for it. You are still affected by their dominance whether you use their services or not as they gain unlawful advantage over, and thereby affecting, all the other services you do use. I love the Google btw. The fine seems hefty and a bit like a shakedown but I'm sure they are not unduly worried.
Feature. Not a bug.
I hate to break it to you but take it from someone who has traveled all over the world to all sorts of weird regimes and through some crazy hairy checkpoints: the US has developed a major attitude problem in the past 20 years.
You monster!
He is including time spent on here :P
"Imagine how much money a company like Uber would make if it used only robot drivers." Who in an unemployed world would these robots be driving about? The handful of super rich who will prefer to drive their antique sportscar on empty roads?
Obviously there should be two modes of operation for the personal device both enabled biometrically. Pinky for police-mode, thumb for internationalmanofmystery-mode... or just don't keep shit the cops want on your phone.
They are definitely storing logs now. Where does it say in their statement that they won't be storing logs? This is about secure email.
True enough - vulns disclosed quite recently, I have to admit though Algo makes me uneasy. OTOH openvpn is quite long in the tooth and has many contributors.
That is some bullshit map you got there mate. I'm looking at the UK and Australia and thinking 'green?'. Yeah right.
On the free tier there are about 8 udp and tcp ovpn I think with different EU endpoints.
Alex Sotirov.
Define 'trustworthy'. Protonmail are now offering ProtonVPN free tier and paid subscriptions for higher speeds. Under Swiss law they are now required to store logs.The only trustworthy solution is your own OpenVPN server on some cloud provider (not difficult to setup).  Even then it is debatable whether it would remain private long. Probably draw attention if anything but you won't get your logs sold to Target.It's hilarious how many 'VPN providers' don't even encrypt the traffic.
No-one says doco for documentation? You'd better have a word with everybody in Little Collins Street then mate. (Used to drive me mad bloody victorians).
Yeah it is that. Some monitors carry their heads up most of the time but lie flat to drink.
Have you ever noticed that in Aussie people tend to end stuff with 'o' more often? Nobody else in the world calls documentation 'doco' do they? It's not a hard and fast rule, granted. Pokies, blueys, I guess. For the imagery, I always loved 'flat out like a lizard...' or one of Dame Edna's: 'I feel like a shag on a rock' which always makes the poms smile.
"The English have twenty-five ways of saying sorry and they dont mean one of them."dinkum
Somebody told me when I was young that in the late 1800s in Ireland (when he was young) that the flocks would be so large that they would block out the sunlight all around. He was not a man prone to exaggeration.
Right now, somewhere, some kid having descended several levels of java into a forgotten class is wondering what the hell a SnuffleupagusFactory does...
You probably meant to say 'more' convenient. It is from a talk that he is giving. A blog post would probably have been easier than creating a load of slides. The text from the slides are listed underneath.
hmm ok benefit of doubt given - refused every possible username and does not say what is wrong with them, did not appear to work, then did unexpectedly, then tried username recovery but got 404s. Genuinely I'd never heard of them before now so I was like - 'wait what is there something else going on? like some shell thing posted to hackernews'...I just tried again and it completed and is working okay now - bit of a fiddly registration process but actual vpn seems to pretty good and there are lots of endpoints, so great too.
what a dreadful buggy site, failed to signup. gives up as does not auger well for the reliability of the service. is it some pointless phishing thing?
This is very different from what I was told by certain exasperated civil servants at the time in Honkers which was that initially China didn't really want change at all as they thought any more of this democracy and capitalism poison (not to mention triad crime) needed to be contained and certainly not brought into China proper and that they would have gladly ignored the expiration of the lease but for the idiocy of the Brits insisting on some sort of replacement framework. They'd have gladly just carried on taking the money pretending it didn't exist. Deng had to come up with a fudge - one country, two systems and Macao followed suit thereafter. But it was a long time ago and that may have just been Lily Wong.edit: for example the chinese did nothing to stem the tide of people to-ing and fro-ing when HK was still a colony, I recall some squaddies complaining bitterly about having to shoot at them up the hillside whilst People's Army looked on bemused.
Yes me too, for research >COUGH< purposes http://docs.api.gop.com/2.1down now LOL! (  )
dear god I used files and typed 'mpg' AND WTF??? got top three pageranks of Lolita Rape, Gang Rape and Dog Fuckers - is this why they need to respect privacy??? Abort! Abort! ...okay 15 minutes later edit: for checking the preferences - I disabled Bing engine and something a less OMFGWTF came up.
Is Globalisation no longer the 'inevitable' it was once touted as? National leaders have for some time now been promising things which are simply not in their gift economically whilst becoming more and more protectionist and frankly bigoted in what they say. I get that they are merely echoing the concerns of their constituents and that democracies being organised on national lines that there has effectively been this incredible disenfranchisement as a result of globalisation. I think it was Joe Stiglitz who about a decade ago advised us to turn up at AGMs rather than polling booths if we wanted to continue to have a say in our futures. More likely we will have super-nation states like China and Europe before we 'get past' nation-states entirely. And although the anti-globalists appear to be winning currently, the market will in the end I believe choose not to have borders and woe betide those luddites who oppose it. Trumpistas, Brexiteers et al.
I have them too - usually technical stuff but occasionally interesting articles I don't have time to read immediately/ever. I do housekeeping every so often. I have archives from stumbleupon and del.ico.us. I have them in regular topic folders but also in 'Now', 'Just now', 'Later' and 'Sometime' as well as saving tabs for projects I am working on, one of which would be to devise some way of prioritising bookmarked sites in internet searches over stuff I've not seen before.Or we could just stop. Let's just stop. Shall we stop? I don't think I can stop.
I value the equality and freedom (and not being downmodded anonymously and unfairly) on Twitter but I also value this space. They are merely different spaces. I don't have to choose. Nobody reads all of twitter - it is what you make it. This place has a much more restricted demographic than Twitter. Twitter is shouting things in Central Park, whereas you wouldn't do that (I hope) at a wedding in New England. I hope I am always civil but only expect that in return in some spaces.
Where is this North Korea? This isn't about crime. He was a political prisoner.
So this 'quite sophisticated' group suddenly became completely inept. Who the hell do NSA take us for? There are no specifics just copypasta and diversion. Oh yeah this thread is full of it. Consensus! BS more like. pure, unadulterated, prairie fresh by the shit-ton.
You probably don't notice the 99% of cyclists who are actually behaving themselves, clowns tend to stand out like that.
I don't know where they get this statistic from. Is it provable? In Sweden they separate cars and bikes and there are much fewer accidents as a result. I heard a cyclist had thrown their bike at a horse because they felt the track was 'bikes-only' (it wasn't and an incredibly stupid thing to do even if it was). Everyone will say cyclists do this, motorists do that, stupid jaywalking pedestrians... blah blah. People are dicks whatever mode of transportation they use and the law should reflect that.
Thank you so much for posting! Is type A (personality) rare/suppressed in Japan? Was whale meat on sale? (I know a whale is not a fish) I hear it tastes oily. (type A jedi shinichi)
Usual DR stuff covers this and everything else, no one person should have the keys to the kingdom or in this case access to the offsite backups. Offsite because fire, earthquake, zombie apocalypse, covfefe,... google 'disaster recovery'. If you are a small company take the backups home with you and lock them in the safe in the den. Trust nobody including yourself.
I idled here expecting something on time series data. The article whilst useful is incredibly thin, a one page blog post, which is fine but I'm not sure why it has lasted very long here? But thanks for that also, perhaps the thread will beget something more comprehensive. (Not volunteering)
I would say rather than KGB infiltrating it was a case of British socialists fearing an imbalance of power reaching out to the Soviets. And yes he is poking fun at old Johnny English.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melita_Norwood was the most important of these atomic spies, was never prosecuted and ended her days in a cottage in Bournemouth I think it was, the nice little old lady next door. The BBC itself is heavy with British spooks so this piece may not be the jolly little fna-fna it purports to be. I even suspect OP (no offense old chap).
Feeding information to the enemy is not a new tactic either in the form of misinformation to mislead or of mountweasels to flush out moles. Perhaps she did not expect them to publish originals. They do seem inept. But then their warez aren't all over the internet and I cannot see it doing anything other than educating potential leakers as to the necessity to at least think about opsec. So if that was NSA's game then that too is inept. It stinks though.
Overwatch.
Can you believe the first comment 'Now let's see it done with Total Commitment' dude? My god there are some asshats in this world.
Old as me, this stuff is. Little consideration, security was for windows programmers when DDE was made. Exploits leveraging stuff from Windows 3.1, I see often.
COBOL was a foundation language in CS101 30 years ago and it was outdated then. There were jobs in legacy COBOL. Probably still are. It sucked but not as hard as RPG II.
Long pig.
You do not have a monopoly on understanding. And it is rather arrogant of you to assume your understanding is superior. Your own lack of interpretation of what she said is highly disingenuous especially when taken in context with the plans to concentrate on an EU armed forces, the plan to withdraw Bundeswehr from all foreign NATO missions by 2024, the declaration not to meet the 70bn euros spending by 2024 because according to Sigmar Gabriel, it is "neither reachable nor desirable". These are not the views of extremists, they are the views of government officials.Europa muss sein Schicksal selbst in die Hand nehmen.or exactly what she said was in English :"The times in which we can fully count on others are somewhat over as I have experienced in the past few days and that is why I can only say: We Europeans must take our fate in our own hands..."FWIW and as you must already know being German https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Der_Spiegel is called 'The Mirror' not 'Mirror'! as that makes no sense in German nor English.
Do you have any sources for any of this? Hoefnells Gazette maybe? :PI would not overstate Trump's impact - you will only give him an even bigger head. In reality he is insignificant to policy as he will be gone soon enough. I would say Putin and Snowden were more of an impact.In reality by 2024 the Bundeswehr will no longer be committing troops to NATO missions outside Germany (see above). If it makes you feel better to pretend that they are 'still part of NATO' then fine.
What it has to do with my statement is that you declared that you are German as if that made some difference to the weight of your argument - you did not present an argument, just an opinion, but never mind - Der Speigel is also German and has a very different opinion to you. How do you account for Der Speigels statement that NATO is unraveling then if it is not even a consideration? What do you make of Muttis speech if it is not even a consideration?  I am only going by the zeitgeist in Germany and beyond which is clearly passing you by or is it that leaving NATO so unconscionable to you? I am asked for sources which I provide and you have none apart from your own opinion to which you are entitled but you cannot speak for everyone else and say that it is not a consideration when it is.
If he had only listened to me and re-released Xenix open source with a decent WM we could have avoided all this unpleasantness but no, he had to listen to Monkeyboy. :/
I have quite rightly been asked for sources. Do you have any that state on the contrary? Janes perhaps?http://www.janes.com/article/69728/bundeswehr-plans-reorient...Yes they are now but the shift is towards a European army without NATO. Is Der Speigel not also German? And what has that got to do with it?
I have been reading articles in Der Speigel for months now hinting at it. I do not know whether you regard that as reputable or not. Merkel's speech - well she did not say 'we are leaving NATO' true, and she is not Germany but she just said that Europe could no longer rely on the United States and the UK and that Europe would have to make her own defence arrangements in the future. So no. LOL.
You reject Angela Merkel as a source? How do you interpret her saying the EU must "take its fate into its own hands" and that they can "no longer rely on the United States and UK"?You do read Der Speigel? - ran an article weeks ago saying there would not even be a decision on spending until 2020.From February: "The United States and our international allies, which for so long has been the centerpiece of what is rightly called "The Free World," are facing the greatest threat to global stability since the end of World War II. Security arrangements, like the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), which for more than seven decades have kept us safe from yet another global conflict, are quickly coming unraveled."Granted it has not been stated as clearly as the UK's exit of Europe but the writing is on the wall.
I have no idea what these people are talking about but I always thought as a small child that c should = 1. That square really bugged me - why squared, why not cubed or halved or more realistically some bally awkward number... Sounds like fun this numerical relativity!
Germany is exiting NATO. They have already deferred any spending commitment until after BREXIT (UK leaving the EU). I don't think Trump's weird behaviour prompted Merkel's 'We can't depend on them anymore' speech. But bad? meh. depends if you think the demise of NATO is bad.
I know right? ...mildly surprised someone hasn't pointed out it was a Hawkmoth. Have a picture of a dead one (apparently)http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/wwfeatures/wm/live/1280_640/images/l...
It was a MOTH! DEATH'S HEAD MOTH! A MOTH! NOT A BUTTERFLY GAAAH! DIDUEVNSEESOTL???? :)
It is joke - we had 'Chrome won' the other day. There is a hidden point being made which you would probably agree with.
Kids these days have it easy. You young whippersnappers! We didn't have google dorks you have today! Hell we didn't even have google! Back in my day if you wanted to hack the Pentagon you actually had to hack the Pentagon!!! And there was no tor hideurass neither... times like this makes me think the internet is just one big honeypot...
Pipes was awesome. Would it have killed them to just let it go free instead? Yahoo engineering did a lot cool of stuff.
They know who they are.
Due to the obvious disjoint between what they say and what they do.
Linus Torvalds rocks. Windows sucks. Subversion was crap so he just made git instead. git beat out svn, TFS and all that other crap legions of overpaid engineers came up with (or what they didn't get source control???) because unix design philosophy and therein lies the lesson still unlearned for they hath loaded all their bloat into one repo.Windows. It sucks and it will forever suck because it sucks by design. Bill say 'Thank you Linus - I owe you sooo much because git is way better than the best I could do'I mean has there ever been worse software ever written than the stuff being loaded into git right now? Awful, awful garbage, creaking and reeking of dirty hacks, different for the sake of it designs, misshapen, bolted together, bloated, willfully annoying, antisocial, phone home, locking-in, full of resolutely, defiant ancient unfixed bugs, butt ugly, horrible UI, full of errors and meaningless error messages, incessant nagging and weird quirks, wtf folders, command line from hell and urgh... note pad ... and oh dear god I almost forgot mmc consoles and visual studio and inconsistent flows, viral load by the galactic shit tonne, complete and utter drivel makes me want to vomit every time I hear that sickening jingle and after all those gazillions of engineering hours an absolute world wonder of fail?Two guys working out of a garage could do better.:P (Windows sucks btw)
Whenever I hear about stuff like this or e.g. Google Glass I always think of Carl Reiner and Opti-Grab.
malware delivery optimization hehe
outside /etc/hosts redirect to 0.0.0.0 inside  (c:\Windows\System32\Drivers\etc\hosts) assuming it is being respected, but how to find list? is very difficult I think, as can change by Redmond c&c server at no notice,
Somebody somewhere thought however specious that it would be a good idea to put that in. Ugh these people disgust me. I used to worry about acquaintances joining facebook and allowing it plough through their address book, now this!
In which case their t&cs are void as we are all genetic relatives of each other and they would have to gain consent from everyone on the planet and I do not consent.
The worm reused the meterpreter code which didn't target XP at all. For some reason some people are having are hard time dealing with this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14377799 and I am beginning to wonder why. Any insights?
May I point out that probably nothing was clicked with wcry2.0 that the worm access via smb from internet facing 445 and then internally on lan. Although yes random clicking not advisable ever...
I remember a Spooky who wrote (harmless) normal.dot worms a loooong time ago... any relation? ima lookup Anna K now...
The Adylkuzz smb variant - a monero miner which actually came out just before Wcry disables smb1 but clearly didn't seem to help probably because it afaik didn't have a hunter. In theory if it had done then wcry may not have happened as all the base would have been already gone.
Come back to me when you find a single infection on XP with wcry 2.0, and then go look at when your 'emergency' patch was signed (Feb 17). Have you ever heard of 'PR'?
And Windows XP was not targeted at all by WannaCry.
Agree - I find the thing incomprehensible without some sort of intellisense running (which I abhor I tell you abhor!) seems arcane and weird to me and much prefer c# but "WHY ARE ATTACKERS USING POWERSHELL?" - simply because its already there probably? And cmdlets are a bit like nmap scripts - if you can read lua you can probably spitball them together. I'm not sure that ps is amazingly more powerful - just all we before was .bat from hell and debug sadly gone now...
Handbrake is on github, people put lots of hours into it and it can be downloaded, checked and compiled. handbrake is used to transcode video - often between proprietary formats, people often put a lot of hours into the videos transcoded by handbrake, but this was binary handbrake on a mac, macs are based on unix, people put a lot of hours into unix... people put a lot of hours into the company's source code... but it too was stolen, the world is a cynical place somehow. Maybe if it all was on github the world would not seem such a cynical place and people would realize that the value is in what they themselves bring and not in the thing on github.
Meh, should all be on github anyway. Like.. Handbrake!
I saw the footage. "Don't bring your kids to war" was probably wrong as it was they who brought the war to the kids but I think that was a just a human reaction when they knew they'd got it badly wrong. They lit up a van with the minigun like they often had to, easy to call it with a replay button y'know. Very sad about them in it and them doing it too. I don't think the crew were 'rage lets go kill us some randomers'. Unfortunately, it happens. What was the reason and justification for releasing the footage and then all those cables too?What would concern me far more is that although a lot of highly illegal activity was exposed by other leaks, Snowden et al not a single person to date has actually had any form of legal sanction to my knowledge. They may as well have not bothered.
To some people, bravery is often indistinguishable from insanity, dropping on the proverbial grenade, chasing down a machine-gun nest. Most heroes don't feel brave though...
The Awful Reign of the Red Delicious (2014) (theatlantic.com) is tagged 'Microsoft' 'Apple'Might wanna tweak that...
Not to mention they weren't 'people'.
I only heard about this yesterday on that thread. And by facebook? I really should pay more attention to what they are doing over there... FSQL is pretty cool too and surprisingly fast.
I need this immediately.
Gareth was a quiet, private person completely unknown prior to his death. Various news media pawed over the gory detail without so much as a thought to public interest or the bereaved.
A bit rich from Microsoft to talk about hoarding when the patches they released over the weekend were all signed back in February... i.e. they are hoarding fixes to their own shit for their $$$ extended support agreements.
if you know of a wcry windows xp infection let us know please.
Anyone got XP infections? It is being touted around as XP (for various reasons) but wcry 2.0 affects newer versions of Windows.
Why isn't the internet alive with the email subject line then? The email would be multi-lingual too?
I'd be surprised if the NSA were just sitting back watching their code fly around the internet.
This is what happens when spambot skiddies accidentally acquire a treasure-trove of NSA tools via a C2 server they have pwned. They failed to sell ('broker') them as nobody was stupid enough to touch them, they failed to blackmail with them (omg what a bad move), then they failed to weaponise their own gear with them (wcry 1.0 in February), and even though wcry 2.0 is widespread and very disruptive, really they failed again only making 50k out of how many infections? They have only 3 bitcoin addresses making it obvious nobody is getting decrypted (how do they know who has paid?) or there is a single master key which will be found soon, their sandbox detector is a killswitch. Larry, Moh and Curly have invited a world of pain upon themselves - as well as probably killing people on NHS - they also infected Moscow Police - so FSB too.Definitely, would not like to be them.
How does 'Patient A' get wcry2? Phishing? Via internet facing open 445/3389?
I think that it is more likely that there was meant to be something else on the other end which did something but x0rz got there first so it broke.
The Official Secrets Act must be signed by you and pertains to 'official secrets' you may become party to as a servant of the Crown. It is not illegal to share this as a common civilian. Whether it is safe to do so is another matter entirely.
Shadowbrokers claiming blame: https://twitter.com/0xSpamTechAnalysis here: http://blog.talosintelligence.com/2017/05/wannacry.html
So your workstation is next to a bed and is attached to a machine which feeds a drip to keep a little girl alive and it gets your untested patch or whole OS upgrade and the dosage is increased or the driver stops and the patient dies.Only non-critical machines can just automatically apply software patches from Redmond (or anybody). This is not laziness or incompetence - only a few weeks ago military grade exploits from the USG were leaked onto the internet and are currently being re-purposed for non-spying applications. Does anyone think any organisation is prepared for this? Chinese chatter indicates that ms17-010smb doesn't even fix all cases! Many organisations will have been saved by infra guys making sure ms17-010smb was rushed through and that McAfee sigs were updated 'just because'.edit: fixed CVE (Eternalblue)
Disagree entirely - for me it hits the nail on the head immediately. And what a timely article given the impact on the NHS today. Are we seeing NSA tools used in the wild? The EU handed Microsoft its biggest fine and still we have this unacceptable state of affairs where we have secret code running public utilities and services, especially of a foreign/extra-judicial entity. Unfortunately getting out of that lock in is going to be tricky.
You have to test the patch against your images! You cannot simply roll out whatever shit Redmond send you down the pipe especially when they had to rush it out themselves due a tip off. That would be gross negligence what if there was some device attached to that workstation keeping someone's machine on? How would you know what that workstation is doing?
Yeah 'old' people because y'know you don't want to look after them do you?? Screw old people... and the sick.
SMB vulns courtesy of the NSA? As to shitty - how long do you think it takes reasonably to test these patches on thousands of servers? What no test on a critical health system?
Best value for money health service in the world absolutely no contest. Free healthcare for all no questions asked. Sounds like some johnny foreigner to me. Probably a Trump supporter chiming in with his alternative facts. Even he can get treatment here. I'm not so sure about a cure.
A 'coordinated' attack apparently unless it is a very agile worm, lots of disparate unconnected levels being hit - such as GP surgeries (local clinics) to large hospitals A&E (ER). The common factor being the widescale abuse of @nhs.net as the email provider for all. Local GPs not meant to be using it at all.
Oops we had a problem... :/
I have never used one. Even when there is a queue and a person monitoring offers to scan for me I still queue. I'm never in that much of a hurry and I enjoy being as nice as possible to the assistant. I completely avoid stores that have self-checkout only. The time saved is often negligible or sometimes it is even much faster depending on whether the person I am casually racing has tried to check out some disallowed item eg. booze. or the machine has a fit which seems to happen a lot. I also get to people watch when I queue. I don't care when it is slower since I have been waited on - which is also nice. Why on earth people would want to do it themselves is beyond me even though I am very much a type A, am quite impatient and really dislike queues in general.
Are there any uses or applications for Gdel's theorems (other than their mere implications)?
malware injection service lol.
Anecdotal evidence: I was at a rugby weekend dads/sons thing. You meet other dads from all walks of life, everything from navy captains to surgeons. One evening, one dude, apropos of nothing whilst banging on about his successful real estate business said that he would not hire someone who did not have a facebook account. I was like 'wat? really?'.
Fun? A blank canvas? Freedom from trolls? Don't have to argue with Linus about userspace, evar?
Not so goldilocksie after all
They think that if they share it / sell out that it will be somehow changed or diluted and ultimately lost? That is probably 100% correct. This is the first defensible argument for closed source I have ever heard. I came to say I was surprised the company used the the term 'Indian' taco but maybe that is better than say 'Navajo-style' taco which might just become Navajo-taco. The term 'Indian' is not useful generally. That taco looks so tasty.
My bad totally - I could not see the link? Great effort!
One is a big proprietary blob of mistrust and the other is localtunnel? Sorry if that sounds harsh but it's a shame I can't build and make sure that everything is above board.Good on you though , that apart it seems a great idea well implemented. Easy to throw stuff up for prospects/clients in an agile way without having to talk to devops.Why not free as in bird? It is already free as in beer.
This is probably some kid. cutpastemonkey the code from here:http://stackoverflow.com/questions/37321100/how-to-login-wit...Probably sat in his bedroom right now waiting for the feds going 'wow that escalated quickly'.
I hope I'm still available in 2030 so we can snigger at it.
Oddly enough I read another article, equally compelling that Google was all washed up... https://medium.com/p/how-google-collapsed-b6ffa82198ee?sourc...
Anyone expecting another shadowbrokers reveal soon...?
Luckily my old rack is too old to have ME. But are there alternatives out there when these old power-edge warriors finally die or do I have to start building a beowolf out of raspberry pis?
It isn't the 'fast' lane. It is the overtaking lane. Slow and lazy drivers are an absolute scourge on motorways in the UK. The French seem to get by okay with two lanes, the Brits can't manage with three. People in France move over when they are done overtaking. It works much better that way. Nobody has to speed really.
Don't know anything about it really but it seems like greed killed this yikyak thing. Why did it have to be a unicorn when it could have just been a really nice pony? It could have made money selling anonymous polling data, sentiment, zeitgeist for marketing purposes. Everybody wants to know what the young folks are getting into next.
Not an insurmountable issue. The community resolves the problem by tagging the offending items much like you stick a lollipop stick in dog turd at the park. Sometimes your kid still gets shit on her shoe but then you scan the items before they are dropped, keywords, whatevs. You could reduce the problem to vanishingly small.
Adding a bit of autotune has made whole careers...
I imagine that even at the point where it had been improved to such an extent that a human could not tell the difference it would still be possible to train a simple ai to tell which ones were non-human nevermind the original speaker.
I hate players who are continually falling over in the penalty area like they were shot at the slightest touch from the defender when it probably would have been easier to stay on their feet and have a fair go. They are ruining the game for everyone.
And yet we can still read his drivel under the suffocating weight that is google! He complains and says that there really ought to be competition but then gives examples of people simply rehashing results from Google - much like er.. Bing did! I too wish someone would provide some actual competition. I'm sure google would too.I refer the honorable gentleman to my previous answer https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14180331
When everyone used combinations of AOL, Excite, AltaVista, Yahoo! and Google was just this trendy new shiny thing, one of the main attractions of the new kid on the block was advertising that was unobtrusive and sometimes even helpful. The reason for adblockers was not because 'uuuh advertising' it is because 'uuuh shit advertising'. Your page lit up like a christmas tree on acid, you could hardly see the content for the tidal wave of shit adverts for useless shit. Your shitty dial-up slowed to a crawl as it downloaded animated gifs and dozens of spy cookies. Google won because they weren't greedy bastards who completely took the f'ing piss out of people to the point where the service they were supposed to be providing was degraded to point of being unusable. THIS! This is why we can't have nice things! Because you go too far! Because you just can't help yourselves! And the information finds a way as it always has of routing around the damage. The media will have to add value for anyone to pay them for it and quite a lot of the time people will simply refuse to pay and be happy with the news from other sources who are happy to give it away, and it doesn't take a very cynical person to imagine that those sources may be less stringent or have some ulterior motives for doing so, so yes, happy days and best of luck with the banner ads and paywalls. uuuh.
Most writers, be they novelists, journalists, bloggers or whatever label suits you, wish to write and hope to be paid well enough for it so that they can write some more. Most will acknowledge that they have a bias from the very outset (called 'eating'). If you are 'lucky' enough to have some semi-permanent arrangement with some publisher you will have their biases to contend with and if your employer accepts monies for advertising you will have their clients' biases to contend with and if they accept subscriptions you must contend with the bias of protecting the bubble into which the subscribers so willingly insert themselves  because here in the United Kingdom, newspapers and even television media have, historically and quite openly, been arranged along political and socio-economic lines to the degree that if one took the Guardian one could be fairly assumed to be a 'middle-class, slightly-left of centre, hand-wringing, grammar school educated' whereas if you took the Telegraph you were a cunt. I find it especially relevant today what with all this talk of what is and isn't 'fake news'. Can 'good' journalism be paid for? What is 'good' journalism? And what are you paying for? Clearly some people do not wish to wander from the menu and can be justifiably upset having paid for a certain serving at having other unpleasantries appear on their plates. When you pay for your subscription and I do not mean to pick, you might wish to pay the Dirty Digger instead or as well as even, do you expect 'a' truth or 'the' truth? If  the unbiased reporting of facts is what you are after then doesn't an aggregated feed from a variety of sources much better fit that goal? I could write more...
It'll be that same person with the Alcubierre Drive
I was wondering what the hell was going on.
beware lions claiming to be veggie...
Didn't you mean 'veal'? I don't think catholics call you up if you don't go to mass, or you can justifiably call yourself one if you are on your big spring killing spree although you might say you are a a vegan even if you had a BigMac when you were a kid. I'm not sure why it helps to conflate the two. I don't see many similarities other than eating tiny crackers. FWIW I stopped being a veggie because it was just too hard in Aussie and nearly all the veggie stuff was soya based and not much better for the environment than eating meat and I got really sick of bloody pumpkin soup being literally the only veg soup, that and bacon...
You can hold any views you like in a democracy but you can't pretend your views are conservative when they are mostly shared by fascists. It was a conservative and greatest PM who defeated the last lot of moselys, nobody thought he was a socialist.
Yes exactly, it is IndyRef lite! She is hoping they lose, thereby negating calls for IndyRef proper. I din't say it wasn't going to backfire spectacularly. I think the whole thing is a huge mistake. Brexit is happening, Article 50 has been triggered and is irrevocable. Unlike the rest of UK, Scotland still appear to have a choice. I can't see how the Tories ever thought this was going to end well.
I don't know where you get your information from with regard to the desire for a trade war. It is wishful thinking at best. The UK will not come to any settlement within the allotted time frame with the EU and will have to accept default terms if they want to continue trading. I don't think we can underestimate the enmity that already exists because of Brexit. There will be a huge payback for this. What is left of the UK will have a huge hostile super-power right on its doorstep.
Not a two party thing at all though eh? They won't get a majority. There will be no winner at all. They will have to carry on with a minority government trying to negotiate a Brexit they no longer have a mandate for - LOL!
We've already had it! Any democracy without a free vote is a sham. Democracies have free speech, and their citizens ought to have a free conscience and privacy is a cornerstone of that - or do you wish to find out what we have to hide (plenty), make windows into all our souls and still want to know what we really, really think? Certainly democracies do not depend on nudge politics, dog-whistle tactics or the thought police, allow people to associate freely and not have to submit to arbitrary detention and interrogation and most often of all have a Law which is the same for everyone regardless of status and those who make the Law make it and those who rule on the Law do not fear for their lives! Democracies rarely have chiefs of police warning about police states. Perhaps you are unawares of your party's late-night retro-active legislation making what was once illegal legal. What sort of democracy is that? One more redolent of Pyongyang than Putney. Brexit is a nasty little englanders' nationalist working class pipe dream on something that will never be again. If you don't want to be offended by being called a fascist don't support a fascist party and hold fascist views actually.
It is also a move to counter the very real threat from SNP.
Surely this is a Tory own-goal? Petitioning the people again (whilst ignoring the inconvenient ones)? You'd have thought Cameron's dodgy success rate would have put paid to that. Of course your lot fell for the PR one... that worked so we got one on Scotland - ooh squeaky - and then he tried it again on Europe:'not so great' as POTUS would say. How easy will it be to make this an anti-Brexit vote, a vote to keep Scotland, a vote on the NHS, on social care, an anti-Trump vote, a pro-status quo, conservative with a small 'C' anti-change vote, an anti-war vote, an anti-elitist grammar schools, a kick the arrogant Tory toffs of Johnson, Gove and Hunt... the Tories are hugely unpopular in spite of the Lab-Con polls (Labour are just even more unpopular)We live in interesting times!
She is really counting on there not being enough time for the opposition to turn this into another vote on Brexit or a vote on Scotland or a vote on the NHS or a vote on all of the above. We live in interesting times.
Do you really think that Microsoft are unaware of the limburger that lurks within their codebase to allow subtee, image hijinx, and the rest? cpls and pifs were in windows 3.1!
..and a very distasteful business, many of these developers live in SEAsia for dubious reasons and peddle their warez to support their sickening lifestyles, I would be ok with certain CIA/SIS proffered solutions in these cases. There is no current shortage of windows 0days that I know of.
By the very nature of the agency's remit their focus will be more in a domestic say than a foreign theater of operations, so 'yes' but 'unfair!' (the bad guys walk amongst you).
'Give' is harsh if you understand the operational constraints people on government salaries and budgets had to work under. USGAs collected/acquired/amassed rather than developed these and packaged them into a field kit - they were in the dark domain (for $$$), then meh punkery. Sure we'd all love to be chillin' with JMac shootin' up the neighbors porch. Not just NSA either... just sayin'. Even GCHQ have warez :O TSB are the curly, moe and larry of this sorry affair. they got lucky, now they gonna bees unlucky lol!
I agree with that assessment: TSB were blackmailing the NSA 'We bees having windows vulns'. NSA told MS - red faces all round but then we're pros right?,..move on. Now TSB have nothing except maybe some doco and every USGA after them LOL! Anything else is stretching it. How these idiots came upon EQTN - maybe other people know, I don't. As broker of 0day exploits, they suck. As to what the NSA should be doing with 'your taxes' - erm, what do you people think the NSA do or to rephrase what do you think they should be doing? USGA have layers of expertise available to them and some punkery may have had to have been tolerated at some field level because y'know these skills are in demand and private sector pays more and when a kid has a secret some kids just can't help themselves - they are by definition immature. There is the possibility that NSA work with MS but given the emergency nature of the patch it appears not so, which is disappointing because as a federal employee you do not want to be breaking innocent people's stuff.
Yes, saving the best 'til last you'd think or keeping some insurance (lol they are already dead). But then NSA should know what 0days TSB have left though right? Do MS? Also - you are assuming TSB have sold some to russia (and that russia would want them)? What Snowden helpfiles do we not have matching warez for? Do the two non-reproduceables require another undisclosed component?
No you're right I have no idea. For all I know these vulns could have been crafted by MS themselves as convenient backdoors at the behest of the NSA et al with tested patches on ice for the eventuality that they had to go away some day.
For sure those vulns disclosed are not all so NSA must tell MS all now (whether MS knew all - eg. backdoors - in the first place is another thing).
So NSA knew 90 days ago and gave MS the heads up. They patched hurriedly eg. 14th March for EternalBlue - but didn't say anything to their customers re:patches must go ASAP (many large corporations have to phase them - i.e not at all at once on First Tuesday) so many companies are currently still vulnerable and probably won't hit them until next Tuesday after the Bank Holiday. What a mess.
So MSFT to take a pasting when the exchange reopens?
Roundup usage has been so ubiquitous for decades now so this is very worrying. I am much more concerned with Monsanto's GM food patents/diminishing biodiversity/pollution threat than this. I have no issue with GM science btw. NONE. (re:'GMO safety /mutant food nonsense') I wonder if this is a sly segway from Monsanto. Given a choice between Monsanto Roundup everywhere and Monsanto GM everywhere I'll take the former.
Yeh dev here who shunned fb et al initially - the're heaps of communities but you can't display a snippet? Hands up I created some of them but am wondering what the point was... teeny-tiny bit of markdown would make it really adequate.
People are assuming Russian or someone pretending to be Russian. For me the person is an Iranian living in the West possibly Europe.
Pints of Guinness were served to blood donors at Pelican house in Dublin and as evidenced by the way the droplet sank ball-bearing-like during this particular very occasional consumer's pre-letting anemia test must have proved a very high source of iron - and apparently to the extent that pregnant women were often recommended a daily dose also.  Furthermore another pint the next day rather than a fizzy orange drink was more effective in quelling nauseau caused by its own enthusiastic over-consumption. A veritable panacea therefore.
personally always preferred fvwm to unity...
Basically torn between two streams - the one that paid for everything with AWS and ubuntu server doing well, driving juju and b2b stuff west coast, meanwhile open hostility and slow adoption of the marmite of DMs Unity, Ubuntu nOne (~dropbox) by the 'ingrates' and not helped by on-by-default Amazon (!) ads, BDFL RMS rants and various other missteps. It was unbelievably ambitious. I noted recently some Redmond 'embracing' going on (and we know what happens after 'embrace') wondering would 'Microsoft Linux' finally arrive - some partnership/deal. Ultimately the resource wasn't there for all of it, they aren't Google, and they are overtaken on all fronts now. I guess Mark wants to focus on what is bringing home the Bacon (if that pun is not too painful).
A number of canonical employees here I note - OP included. So what's the mood like 'a zillion lines of code and four years later' internally? Does juju look like any better bet? Go on - we won't tell... ;)
What is it he has proven the existence of? Can he describe it? Can anyone... please?
I'd just like to point out that Microsoft win either way:
Says Forbes: Financially Microsoft is one of the biggest winners from the growth of Android as a platform, thanks to its wide range of patents. Samsung's royalty payment to Microsoft in 2013 was for over one billion dollars ($1,041,642,161 and fifty cents), roughly $3.41 per device.
I don't know why anyone would ever do this since there is no cost to SECRET_KEY = os.urandom... or even just hammering on the keyboard. It is not like you are ever going to be challenged for that password? You could even say here is another line of code that will compromise your server:rm -rf /*brb off to search github for SECRET_KEY =
Is that the milspec code? edit: part of the milspec code or what?
I must need this since I can't even get the sign-up form to work. So do you know any others?
Was this written by an AI?
...and alternate file streams.
Me too. What is this 'Cocoon'?
You were using NOSQL keystores before it was cool! So ahead of your time.
Old hackers never die they just dust off their anna kournikova floppies...
Which is why it could only be done in a vm. VM breakout is still a risk but at the end of the day it's only ever about mitigation not panacea. A startling number of people use this method too what with the plethora of package managers available. The evildoer's best friend laziness - just keeping going longer than someone on average would reasonably expect you to, i.e. not very.
Naw mate, you're not wrong. Look there are heaps of examples of certain kinds of people in Australia being a bit backward? People bang on about wogs, poms, abos and decry political correctness ('gone mad I tell you'). Then you have your polis like Pauline bloody Hanson who appeal to that. There is definitely something there but is it really any worse than say the rural UK or just look at who is running the States now? Probably not. I'd be as worried about a widening class divide in Australia.
Isn't that what the Romans said?
A sort of uneasiness about their symbolic basis to start off with, nothing subsequent - I can follow it. Lack of understanding. That 'it smells' feeling. I'm not suggest they are wrong, just asking. Its okay to ask?
I am not a mathematician but are there any others who have problems with Godel's 'Theorem'?
That Secundus was a lad though wasn't he? Was he the Roman equivalent of FUME (if you ever been to London you will have seen his tag - everywhere).
As we are all guessing what might be: How about - Brexit as a stunning own-goal. The english can take their ball but the game will go on. Germany now the biggest contributer to the EU have unprecedented leverage in a lopsided eurocentric parliament over the other states including France (beneficiary) to forge a new closer, more centralised Europe solving many of the issues of the old. They must be rubbing their hands with glee. They folded! They walked away! New treaties are signed. There is no deal with Britain and no compromise. The time expired and they come back empty handed, a hard Brexit on the terms of the old treaties. No more pesky englanders to thwart every move to a superstate with a market of 650+ million people. When Europe speaks old allies of Britannia will heed and shrug their shoulders at their erstwhile master. Power and influence will drain as Britain becomes a poundshop, surrounded by EU states, international flights flying overhead. Shannon will become the US-Europe air hub Heathrow's new runways now unused car lots. Money will flow outwards from the City to Berlin the centre of the new Europe. The best minds will simply follow the money and leave the doomed vessel. Europe will use their sheer weight against the rump state at every turn until one day cap in hand it will return, new capital - Edinburgh... or it might work out great.
European directives are not law - european or otherwise.
Maybe the small matter that every single economic authority on the matter from our foreign allies like Barack Obama, to the IMF, the Bank Of England, the Confederation of British Industry, (and endless list) said it would be an unmitigated disaster... and then there are the people who think it is a good idea... Trump, Putin, Lafarge, Gove, and not even the the PM thought it was a good idea to start off with. Project Fear? - more like Project Shit Your Pants Now...
Went veggie but then back due to lack of non-proprietary foodstuffs. Didn't feel any different but got real sick of pumpkins soup back in Aussie.
"You better do it while you still have knees." Truth here.
By coincidence for another project, I was trying to mine Wikipedia. It is better to try and parse the html than mess about with the text. The wikidata stuff can be quite inconsistent also in what it returns.
By coincidence for another project, I was trying to mine Wikipedia. It is better to try and parse the html than mess about with the text. The wikidata stuff can be quite inconsistent also in what it returns.
Possibly. Could we all help a guy by 'report abuse' the hell out of the account so it gets deactivated? That would be wrong - what if he isn't the actual owner? So you see the problem. Maybe fb need to make it easier for him to identify himself? But by means other than actually identifying himself? Well that is hard. He should tell his friends he is no longer in control. That would at least be a start.
They got your hackernews account also NoTim?
You're not wrong - and tutting, you have to tut. In Honkers people queue for buses but then when the bus doors actually open it's every umbrella-fella for himself. A sort of Sino-British now you queue, now you don't. Not much fun if you're 6'5" and at the front of the scrum though. Well they used to anyway.
A long way? Real democracies do not spy on their people because it isn't a democracy anymore when you do. Whether that was always just a... well it is another matter. Business had a reasonable expectation of safe-passage. Who will want their traffic coming through the UK now? What multi-national/trans-national wants all their IP belong to the UK government? They will just go elsewhere. It's the economy stupid. Rudd is using the recent murders to her own twisted ends.
An interesting comment but it shows the preferred language of the contributor. ;)
She wanted to stalk me so I decided to show her some latitude.
The sound of mysql crashing is about 10 decibels.
Given the amount of uber hating world wide lately why aren't their competitors gaining traction? 'Grab'bed a cab in KL - same deal as uber but cash first - wouldn't know about it otherwise - so uber? who cares?
Pretty sure you can fix that with fdisk
Sven Vermeulen wrote great docs and the community was my first social media. Then that compiz-beryl thing happened and... where is she now I wonder?
I'm surprised there still are US-Bound flights.
It is one thing to try penetrate a system (solely for the purposes of,..&c.) that to all appearances seems impermeable to your meagre skills but once you know that these impregnable walls you face can and do become doors placed there by like-purposed if not necessarily like-minded individuals then what a filip! What more encouragement to keep you fuzzing just that little bit longer and who knows maybe you will stumble upon it! That sir, is the damage. Software can be patched. Trust cannot. (And this is what I sound like from my high horse apparently).
Yeow. Only good for rocks then.
Yeah call me 'Ron Swanson'. I understand the 'R&D is expensive and people wouldn't bother' argument but I'm not sure I buy it? Won't people always create and invent? They can't help themselves. The actual people who have the ideas rarely benefit from them nowadays anyway. It can also have perverse consequences such as pharmaceuticals only investing in stuff that eases symptoms and not cures? (I have no actual data on that). Thanks.
Fb says:Prior Art #
The JSX syntax is similar to the E4X Specification (ECMA-357). E4X is a deprecated specification with deep reaching semantic meaning. JSX partially overlaps with a tiny subset of the E4X syntax. However, JSX has no relation to the E4X specification.
Can you expand on how a patent system benefits society? I'm not sure I buy the argument that it encourages innovation or even that innovation would be somehow stifled without. A certain kind of society maybe? If everything were up for grabs would you always have IP?
Okay only slightly related, I had an idea a long while ago for putting satellites into orbit where you just fling them? I didn't think it good for humans because of the G but for stuff. The win being that the power required is all on earth and you don't have to carry fuel with the payload. You could spin them up on a centrifuge and then let go at just the right time (and angle). I was going to mention it to Elon one day...
It isn't true.
I think the surfeit of bishopric is a hint that they are irrelevant >cough< - most people immediately see that the pawn promoted to queen gives white the win, a sort of 'don't even think about it' and that the likely solution is for white king to run forcing a draw. Black can only move the bishops back and forth. A dull end to what have must been a very strange game.
He cannot move his king out of its way first due to check from the white pawn if that is what you mean. The article makes it sound like a difficult problem with some super prize. I can't believe that a chess program can't figure out it doesn't have any meaningful moves left.
But we won't all be "fed, clothed, housed, but simply bored.." we will be surplus to requirements. A comparatively tiny elite will own the robots to feed, clothe and house themselves and also to protect what they have from the horde. So no change there really.
There is a recent trend in anti-Twitter chatter. I seem to remember msn-bots being all the rage once upon a time.
Given her own lowly origins Virginia Foxx (opposed aid for Katrina, a bill against hate crime, hates gays - nice) you'd think someone like her would be against such forced disclosures. It won't affect her because she is nearly dead but her grandchildren will almost certainly carry defects causing hemoglobin mutations for sickle cell anemia, neurogenetic disorders and have increased risk for chromosomal disorders such as Downs. Republicans voting for this kind of widespread intrusion is like turkeys voting for xmas.
It listens, you don't type anything. It isn't multi-threaded so it must break from listening when it hears something and runs through all the if statements, spawns the commands and starts listening again.
Argh, we have this all over our lan. Is there anywhere I can get a copy or the md5 of the trojan scilexer.dll? Also, - how many people just downloaded these binaries?
I'd just like it stop telling me my chromium is not up to date. :/
"For all the good it'll do me may as well shove it up my arse" Renton - Trainspotting
Its a ponzi scheme they said, you need a rack of nvidia to get 1000 bitcoin they said...
Masai people must be super clever and Finnish people too. It must be true because I know a lot of really clever Dutch people and they are all really tall! Chinese people must be really stupid. I am so glad you gave me this insight. I am tall and I feel great now.
Sorry simple question, simple answer and probably should have only deserved some disdain as I can't see what politics has to do with it unless you are some ignorant white supremacist. My limited understanding of the actual scientific fact is that, given that any 'group' or 'measure' is fairly arbitrary and tests for cognitive ability quite subjective culturally and even by species and so on, I would be very surprised if there weren't any differences. If we are really getting into haplotypes and have some way of not skewing whatever we do with whatever biased measures then I still say 'but of course individuals and their relations have different cognitive abilities - duh! They are different people with different abilities. The sum of those people are just the sum of those people. If we can get down to this gene makes you smarter at this test then still I say: 'but what value is that test in measuring overall cognitive ability?' The chimps will say of course that they are 'smarter' (if that is really where we are meant to be going with this because they are obviously superior to us baldies by this test:https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn12993-chimps-outperfo...All chimps are monarchists btw.
I would be astonished.
OMG Welly? The most beautiful country in the world and the most awesome people - seriously excellent people. I'd move there in a heartbeat. If you can - go and no - one week is not long enough, try a month or two.
LOL Try phoning them. Haven't you noticed that they say if it is in the contract you either put up or shut up. Do you think we want to be tested like some animal because I sit at their desk? They tested EVERYBODY. Not random, not as a result of some clue. It was a blanket company wide purge of anyone they didn't like or desperately need who had smoked pot in the last hundred days. They are legally allowed to do so and even if they weren't legally allowed to do so they would do it anyway because what are you going to do? Fight a huge corporation's legal?  Even if you win your award is capped at whatever crappy salary they deigned you were worth and you still have no job because they will just blacklist you. Methinks YOU have some vested interest you are not declaring because most people think this is disgusting fascist behaviour. My buddy worked on fucking helpdesk. They just don't like it and here we have the state saying you can regulate your pain with the drugs of their choice whilst making money off the back of stuff which kills millions. Well screw them.
Everyone (allegedly) got tested. My buddy got fired. He worked on an IT helpdesk. It is in the small print of his contract. Yes it is construction. UK gov is a ministry of information thing. It says a lot of things that companies here just ignore because they can. Wrongful dismissal laws here were neutered by the tories. More friends tell me it is happening in their companies too. I would show the contract /say more but I do not want to identify myself. But thanks for the downvotes I hope the view is nice from that gilded tower.
Do I have to name the company I work for? We fired 5 people this year after company wide piss tests at seven sites. THis:
http://think.direct.gov.uk/drug-driving.html
Without treatment it can kill within 48 hours. It sounds like a weapon, easy to store and lethal except that basic hygiene can prevent needed the ABs in the first place.
They are making it 'more' illegal in the UK. You are drug tested if you are pulled over by their pigs and their companies do urine tests on every single employee regardless of role and fired. Unless you are an exec I bet and for something you could have done legally over a month ago stateside.My niece has Crohn's. From a lovely vibrant kid she has managed this pain with a smile and nearly died once or twice. She is ill again now. How many of those cunts snort coke before their big hypocritical speeches?
That was just SHA1. Linus mentioned the other day that there was another layer and that they weren't worried. It would take considerably more resources to crack that again. But it is rather jolly to speculate about such things and other users of SHA1 (Windows?) might not nearly be so immune?
The Decline and Fall. American refugees welcome here. I can't remember what was it that made the possum visible again?
Me too! Said something in my account 'had changed' when nothing had. I've had to re-authenticate everywhere. So now they know.
You would need two of these ion engines side by side, with solar panels say outside those and a bubble cockpit in front center with... :P
Dear Yahoo user,We are writing to inform you about a data security issue that may involve your Yahoo account information. We have taken steps to secure your account and are working closely with law enforcement.What happened?In November 2016, law enforcement provided Yahoo with data files which a third party claimed was Yahoo user data. We analysed this data with the assistance of external forensic experts and found that it appears to be Yahoo user data. Based on further analysis of this data by the forensic experts, we believe that an unauthorised third party stole data associated with a broader set of user accounts in August 2013, including yours. We have not been able to identify the intrusion associated with this theft. We believe that this incident is likely distinct from the one that we disclosed on 22 September 2016.What information was involved?The stolen user account information may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords (using MD5) and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers. Not all of these data elements may have been present for your account. The investigation indicates that the stolen information did not include passwords in clear text form, payment card data or bank account information. Payment card data and bank account information are not stored on the system that we believe was affected.What we're doingWe are taking action to protect our users: 
We are requiring potentially affected users to change their passwords.
We invalidated unencrypted security questions and answers so that they cannot be used to access an account.
We are constantly enhancing our safeguards and systems that detect and prevent unauthorised access to user accounts.
What you can doWe encourage you to follow these security recommendations: 
Change your passwords and security questions and answers for any other accounts on which you used the same or similar information used for your Yahoo account.
Review all of your accounts for suspicious activity.
Be cautious of any unsolicited communications that ask for your personal information or refer you to a web page asking for personal information.
Avoid clicking on links or downloading attachments from suspicious emails.
In addition, please consider using Yahoo Account Key, a simple authentication tool that eliminates the need to use a password on Yahoo altogether.For more informationFor more information about this issue and our security resources, please visit the Yahoo Account security issues FAQs page available at https://help.yahoo.com/kb/index?locale=en_AU&page=content&y=....	Protecting your information is important to us and we are constantly working to strengthen our defences.Yours sincerely,Bob Lord 
Chief Information Security Officer 
Yahoo
sorry is secret unless you pay ransom
Driving in the UK is sheer hell. Most people drive in the middle lane regardless of whether they are overtaking or not. Go to the continent and it is pure bliss by comparison. Brits even mistakenly call the outer lane the 'fast' lane. It is actually the serious offense of 'Driving Without Due Care And Attention' but UK transport police are worse than useless. On education - there is no test of motorway/highway skills for your driving license! Also, many UK people even deliberately obstruct other road users. The law states that you _can_ undertake. It is detailed in what is known as the Highway Code. Undertaking is allowed in a one-way system eg. motorway provided the vehicle to your right is not overtaking e.g. maintaining a constant speed sitting in the damn lane like they own it making everybody else do their driving. I'll go now before rant mode fully kicks in....
we == Yonatan.
Adblock that! This is pretty alarming actually - that advertisers are willing to go to such lengths, perhaps excuse my navet. The receiver could be someone else's device eg next door. Sure it has implications for an activist in London using tor but what about the rest of us? How can I easily tell whether a page is listening? Feedback maybe?
So the lovely people that hired him and went through that rigorous selection process are they being canned too?  They too must be incompetent. Given a big part of Snapchat is trust - and they are clearly not trustworthy - it might be time to divest.
"PHP web app prone to SQL injection running inside a docker image, as a rube goldberg facade wrapping a galaxy of SCADA controllers"LOL - I'm sure you wouldn't find anything as modern as PHP or... is this confession? I 'might' be 'aware' of some really er.. nifty solutions at a reasonable rate... connected to some sort of critical RTUs?Do you remember when security was not even for tinfoil hats and Y2K was gonna make us all rich, rich, rich? Aah!
Apples and oranges, sets and subsets. Citrix looks pretty good given their product's ubiquity/surface.
The headline makes it sound like they are doing nothing about it but in fact it refers to the end-users.
I like and use font-awesome. Thanks and keep up the awesome work. Are there advantages to Wenting Zhang's [approach](http://cssicon.space)? Is there any way of lazy-loading - i.e. just accepting that some people - either through ignorance or laziness will load the entire set - and only use a couple of icons?  Even if this were just some tool to craft the url it might get us on the road to that petabytes per day (really?).
There is no air on Mars.
Can't wait for 13 December!
Why would anyone in the UK need these? They're gloating?
He uses git to keep a static web site of his bookmarks. He just uses his web browser to view the index.html file.
Come over here and say that.
No.
It was illegal until they brought in retroactive legislation in the middle of the night making it legal for them to hack. What's the point in having laws?Most politicians want these intrusive powers in spite of them being against the ECHR Act. Nobody to vote for or dare you vote at all?
tldr; parallel map reduce. ;)
Not the contractors fault at all! People make mistakes.  If your design depends on user vigilance then its YOUR fault. People make mistakes! A single 'rogue' should not be able to take down the entire show just by sending an email. The problem was exacerbated mainly the software being used made by Microsoft - a fairly ubiquitous but non-standard, proprietary system. It has no place in a public entity like the NHS. Sack the highly paid idiots who procured it at great expense over cheaper and higher quality alternatives instead.
Downmod all you want - did you see it or not? What's your explanation?
After his BS speech did you see him going down the line of people, kissing each woman on the left cheek, every one except the last one that is. She was about to pucker up and had to awkward kiss the guy next to her instead. Not racist? Yeah right. C'mon man she was at least a 7!
TIL that you can be an intellectually challenged, racist, misogynistic, lying, tax dodging sex pest and still be president of the USA.
I sent them multiple vuln for free for both their online shopping site and an online (yes on the internet) payroll system https://payslipview.com/Login.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2fdefault.aspxI had a smug thank you response.
Excellent! Great doco too.
I ditched my smart phone for a flip phone. Apparently it's all the rage but I don't know how I know that since I don't use those social media platforms you mentioned either. Just developer forums (or fora) and such like. Good feels from helping people, getting help and not feeding trolls.
I don't haz Apple but it looks great.
Hitting yourself repeatedly over the head with a hammer can give you a headache. Not sure DeWalt are worried from a litigious point of view. I doubt there is a smoker alive today who can reasonably claim to have been unaware of the risks when they started.Anal point - why the apostrophe? Should it be "Smoking becauses hundreds..."?
Yes I do. As you say so I can comment out easily but not so much on with the 'as' and maintaining the river.
Yes I too am of the river people now. +1 for long queries and being able to comment out everything. 30 years SQL. bah!
Guacamole.
Awesome! I made a fiddle https://jsfiddle.net/wt309enw/1/
Some people I know only go to the porn sites to steal their code. I'm surprised you say that about the UX side because there is some nice libs in there and weird stuff with jquery. There is always that danger though that you might see something. So, not so great.
Self-regulation and announce that from a certain date internet histories will be made public. :P
What about caching - is that an advantage over inline SVG? I imagine the css would compress better too? I'd like to see animated ones. Holy geocities! I have no clue how it works. Amazing.
To be fair, most people are Asian and have lungs.
No apparently people teach that you open the door, stick your face out in front of the oncoming bike instead. Or try squint past the door pillar and the headrest?I really like my door not to have dents, scratches and blood  all over it (especially mine) so I look in the already-optimally-positioned mirror on the outside of the door where my hand goes to check if there is some other vehicle coming first before I open the door.And I am not even Dutch.
So certain are you. Always with you it cannot be done. Hear you nothing that I say?
Am I more impressed that they managed to get traders to cooperate? Did some distracted trader take a massive haircut for science?
Presumption of guilt is fascist. Prosecuting the accessory before the crime. Content is not inherently illegal in and of itself. Was it was actually found to be illegally published by an EU court? No. I would argue they have no copyright here. She is very much in the pubic domain. (sic)
I guess that is because they don't get paid.
Maybe he was thinking of Asterix.
'Meh, thanks'. cool stuff btw.
Forum not form.
I'd be interested to know what the bug is that causes both West Bank and Gaza titles not to be displayed. I couldn't find anywhere else missing. When you search for Palestine in maps it doesn't point to Texas. It's disgusting that people are alleging some Jewish plot because of who the founders are. That's just bigoted. As for Palestine/Israel I wish they'd just sort out their differences and stop squabbling over namespaces, people really suffering over nothing.
In my experience, the guards have room temperature IQs and a fascist mindset making them trivially easy to divert but rock hard to reason with/dissuade. Avoiding detection by the enemy is far, far easier than the usual push-me-pull-you so case story 'Howard' is going to have a bad day whatever. Don't do this people! They don't care and by identifying yourself as such you are guaranteeing yourself trouble today and forever. Again in my experience, if you think they can't and won't try to fit you up for something nasty then you are as naive and stupid as Howard. You can be jailed indefinitely in the UK until you provide the password to an encrypted volume/machine.  Most laptops have an SD card slot into which you can place card with a hidden partition containing an encrypted VM as well as a nice visible FAT32 honeypot for your bulletheaded new friend. Yes to  using Windows for this. Do not mention LINUX!
If you'd do it for free it is probably not real work and you don't deserve to get paid - writers, musicians, hackers, politicians. (runs :)
That AI is not separate from humanity.  He accepts that we ask, we get. It serves us. People are worried about the non-we. Global civilisation cannot destroy humanity without destroying itself - unless it creates another human-autonomous AI. The non-we AI.
"Fuck these guys"
Privacy is dead said Zuck.  This is flogging the proverbial dead horse.  In the future there will be no secrets.
Especially when San Mateo could just fall into the sea someday.
http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/vpro-amt-management-kvm,review...jesus wept, how do I turn it off?
Imaginary property is a bad idea.
Aw, thanks bro, we're living in 1984 here but don't mind us!  We're busy trying to decide whether the burgeoning police state will continue to get worse within the EU or whether we'd be better off to have a cheeky Brexit and risk the Tories going full nazi meltdown later.  'May you live in interesting times' indeed.  Did you miss the bit about banging her up, infringing her rights, stealing her phone, raising his voice tut-tut, generally threatening and abusing her?  All still illegal in the UK, well until DC says otherwise with a bit of late night emergency secret selectively applied retrospective legislation. And the secret trick? What do you think she was telling them? How about 'No comment'. You won't find this on uk.gov probably, you won't find anything of much utility, being a propaganda site, how certain people would like the law to be rather than how it really is, for now.'Sorry ma'am you cannot have that visa, you'll have to get temporary visitor visa instead - please note you can't work, enjoy your HOLIDAY'. A civilised country wouldn't even need to interview her. They're not fit to control anything bigger than a cloakroom.
Yes, that would be ridiculous. It is fully automated.  Only communications with specific attributes are routinely inspected.
fly-tipping in userspace
Beg, borrow or steal.
Shame. Maybe they will open source it so it can be ported to a less obscure platform.
I think it says 'yes' but so is everything else except for maybe, downloading the source, make &c..?
I recall the prolific, ubiquitous but apparently benign form virus and the surrounding speculation as to its true nature and specifically whether the payload was only malignant under a 32 bit OS (which would not exist yet for 20+ years)?  I thought it was just a Norton false-positive.Any progress on this?I also recall these viruses taught you about terminate-stay-residents, self-modifiers, boot sectors and how to manage your 8k of memory...  everything really.
mupeng
Complete fail.  Ryanair first, customer last as per usual.  Why do they make their customer print advertisements?  Have they done anything to reduce the amount of ink required?
A few Nigerian peacekeepers spread HIV in Cambodia which had been previously relatively free.
"Just because you're paranoid, don't mean they're not after you" - Nirvana
Universal parallel bus!  With cables that don't turn to wire straw after six months.  (I just spent $50 renewing all the crappy cables for inexplicable multitude of screens we now apparently own.)
Sushi should not to be in the word cloud.
On calling people 'neckbeards' (and other pejoratives):
https://forums.meteor.com/t/why-no-stack-overflow/20158/16I think he would say what he has always said about secret software.  He's fairly consistent in that regard.
Yeah, embrace, extend, extinguish.  I don't think it is about that though as they can easily be ignored now.  I imagine that they are genuinely losing enterprise traction.  If I were on windows I'd run some docker or a VM.  I would NEVER compile g++ via openssh from Visual >BARF< Studio.  Really in your enterprise you should have a macbook/chromebook on your desk (at home or in the office) and a linux server in the cloud.  Unix everywhere now.  Bye bye windoze.
hawaiian
unit test for morse code: thirtees?
And wouldn't two of equal length do?  I think we are missing an explanation of the theorem.edit: oh hang on, I see now: Trump FoundationIt's one of those theorems.edit: yes three mean they can't be longer than the radius.  Isn't it interesting.  You need 3 for a circle.What about other shapes?
This guy is worried. http://imgur.com/RNiWGSl
People like to try crackpot theories and experiments on their children apparently.  I'm sure they mean well.My kid is gorgeous too BTW!  She learned to walk really early.  Kind peoples said 'ooh look! so bright! so more advanced than Jonny or Bea!'I said that I didn't think that she is going to be any better at walking than Jonny and Bea ultimately.
People are still using SourceForge? :O
Instead of weakening the wall the regime could insist that every secure network dial/tunnel out to them instead.
FAIL:I don't see anything.
Which is why we need to wash all that stress out of your head by holding it under water for arbitrary amounts of time...
Yes, they are going to carry on doing exactly that.  Who knows whether they will bother with the warrants even.  It never stopped them before.Paedophiles! Terrorists! Criminals! Oh My!
Terrorists, Paedophiles and Criminals, Oh My!You would think the Brits would be used to these false pretexts by now but the fear/apathy is strong.The illegal mass-surveillance, detailed by Snowden,  sanctioned by Cameron which required backdoor retroactive legislation didn't seem to help to uncover any of the child abuse happening openly on the streets of many northern UK cities or to stop the 7/7 bombings.I haven't heard of a single proposal from any UK party to toughen sentencing for torture and rape of children in spite of the recent deluge of these and other cases mostly involving politicians, celebs and clergy.These kinds of persons will implement their own end-to-end encryption anyway so the only people this really affects is - everybody else!The vast majority of the great unwashed have never seen somebody else's internet history apart from their own and have no idea just how much information can be garnered from it.http://www.aolstalker.com/672368.htmlA state in which you cannot cast your ballot without a reasonable degree of privacy is not a democracy.But for those of you who only care about the money: Who is going to want to do business in the UK if all their communications are tapped and their commercial secrets exposed?
Great news for the onepercentia.
Being downvoted just for asking a question is not cool.  Can somebody please tell me the/your argument(s) for a 'right to be forgotten' or state the 'right to be forgotten principle.'?
QUESTION: Why should you have 'the right to be forgotten'?
Why should you have 'the right to be forgotten'?  And why should it only be Google that has to do this?edit:Having to click 'accept cookies on every site' is such EU nonsense too - does anyone really think you can't be tracked without cookies?
Those old saloon barrell piano didn't exactly sound like Chopin so I'm guessing this is a lossy format.
Nice show trial.  The US justice system is a joke. Cops regularly murder unarmed citizens - nothing.  The 'evidence' used to convict Mr Ulbricht should have been inadmissable as it was obtained illegally.
"The original engineer knew that they hadnt properly solved the problem and left it as a landmine for someone else. It just so happened that I stepped on it and now couldnt remove my foot until it was properly disarmed."This is my life.
"We're sorry but this site is not accessible from the UK as it is part of our international service and is not funded by the licence fee."Bizarrely UK users ie. those who have to pay for the BBC have to use a cloak to access this content.  At least the charter is up this year.  Hopefully all the BBC will be 'not funded by the license fee' soon.
Clickbait title - boring article about amateur scientists.
The internet's own boy?  Where was the internet when he needed them?  "He's rich - he made reddit".  He never said he was strong.  He was an american who naively still believed in its ideals.  Fk him right?  I wonder how long you guys would last without your internet connection?  "He was brilliant and weird, oh it was depression, he made a terrible mistake".  Nothing to do with the overbearing jackbooted hypocrites intent on payback charging him with illegal wiretapping whilst all the while doing exactly that to him and other activists!  It takes some cynicism to square that.  Almost as cynical as that shill Atwood.Downvote me to Hell you bastards.
They were doing exactly the same thing as him (and worse) but they killed him.
It is very 'batteries included'.  The demos use data islands and localstorage.  You'd hook your DAO to something like Firebase instead.  The Tutorial has a bug where it refers to DetailView it should be foam.ui.DetailView or something like that.
Good God it's beautiful
Isn't this redundant unless I accept images?  I get:"Images are not displayed. Display images below - Always display images from webmaster@ibmverse.com" (for example).
Its, not it's.
This one flipped my wig.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor_Judge,_Baron_Judge
Skips LA - clever girl.
   .
sudo apt-get install network-manager-vpnc network-manager-pptp network-manager-openvpn # for cisco vpn, microsoft or openvpnConfigure from the panel.  I use ThreatSpike labs.  Too easy.
I used one of these in my first job (pdp11 sysadmin).  I'd stick the report in a canister, place it in the tube and it would whoosh away across the factory.  They are still used today by Tesco to take cash from the tills up to accounts.
The lobby will love this.  Defense spending with civilian application.  I'm thinking small telepresence drones.
But it is not constant.  It was much faster long ago.  So there must be shome mishake.
I never viewed the internet as private.  I hid my tracks not because I'd done anything wrong but because there are 'crazies out there', I have plenty to hide and why take a chance?  Then 'wow' forums - I could say controversial things, play devil's advocate, really push the discussion farther than IRL with little fear of reprisal or even rebuke.  Which was great for me because I'm the guy who parks the other way round in the car lot.  I have always been a natural dissenter.  Then my friends joined facebook - early days before it was humungous.  It raided their contacts and my little cell was exposed.  I had not used a separate email address for each person I had ever met.  Silly me.  Then Zuck said 'privacy is dead' and I remembered that even before that in college he had said 'I can't believe these idiots are trusting me with all this information' - or something like that I can't really recall - and I knew he was right.  I wish it weren't so.  We speak more guardedly now.  Still get downvoted.
You are obviously aware of my favourite; Hemingway on Faulkner:"Poor Faulkner. Does he really think big emotions come from big words? He thinks I dont know the ten-dollar words. I know them all right. But there are older and simpler and better words, and those are the ones I use."Children may be precocious and tolerable.  I recall the joy of finding new words - grownup words.  Most people find it pretentious and condescending in adults.  It is poor communication.  Want a game of who can think of the most obscure word?  Firstly I tried 'widdershins'. Let's exclude Brobdingnagian as an obvious neologism.  (Not trolling - really can't see why you think it ain't?)
Interestingly, he was unable to understand the incompatibility between religion and science (including his own fundamentalist beliefs), arguing rather weakly that they are both part of the same thing.  One wonders why he ever bothered to do a single experiment.To someone downvoting - don't you find it interesting that someone so brilliant can have such difficulty with simple concepts even a child can grasp?
I Jest post it hear and some body allways corect it for you strait away...
Since when was cost a factor?  Try storing everyones' phone calls!  Each person can fit on a 750M CD.  It may be true that they haven't gotten through sequencing them all yet.  Genomics England and Illumina (US) are the contractors.  PM David Cameron is particularly keen, recently gave them 300 million.  He wants everyone tagged 'within a generation'. And yes you can all ignore me and downvote me because it makes no difference.  UK, US, Australia all the same.  With your DNA on file - you are an open book.
Zuck was right.  Privacy is dead.  There is no such thing anymore.  No true democracy without a free vote.  In the EU, we have to click 'agree to cookies' on every site whilst every newborn's DNA is stored digitally.  They're mocking us.  It is irreversible.  The genie is out.  It's over.
This:http://arsalanbashir.com/rude-programmers/
Aren't you rather implying that they don't spy on everybody already?
  Multiple insiders have pointed out that IT security was basically not existing at Sony, so I doubt that they had a login notifier.

Or at haydenjames.io it would appearPlease add "PermitRootLogin no" to /etc/sshd_config and gain root access after you login if you need it.tsk tsk.
First thing I thought too: the options should have a dash.(yes cool project too)
